Petr Čech: A last-minute move?
Everything is possible
Today is the last day when you can still jump through the transfer window and make a big transition.
Another chance will come in the winter.
Petr Čech, currently Chelsea's substitute goalkeeper, does not currently have a new professional contract in Madrid, Monaco or Paris.
He is sitting in the funny NH Hotel, talking to Czech journalists and preparing with the Czech delegation for the game general with the Americans and then also for the sharp start of the qualification for Euro 2016 against the Netherlands.
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois takes the lead in the Premier League for the first time in ten years.
It was previously speculated that Real Madrid might be interested in Czechoslovakia.
He lost the Spanish Super Cup to Atlétik at the start of the season and did not manage to enter the league season, losing 2–4 to San Sebastián.
There was also speculation about the interest of Paris SG.
He scored two goals and two rebounds during the French League season and shot St. Etienne 5–0 on Sunday.
The club AS Monaco's shoes are the most pressured relatively.
He had a 1–2 record in the league and was defeated by Lille 1–1 on the weekend.
The news that Czechs might want to play in Queens Park Rangers has leaked on the English tabloid websites today.
According to English bookmakers, however, Czech's departure from Chelsea at the last minute is not too likely.
Skybet gave him a 4:1 pass.
Peter, is it possible you'll change your jersey in the next few hours?
I'm not counting on that, but there's never anything 100 percent in football.
Maybe during the day there'll be an offer that won't be rejected.
What would such an offer have to look like?
(Laughter) "Well, I don't know how an offer that can't be rejected actually looks.
All sides must agree First of all, it would be up to Chelsea to decide whether or not to deal with a possible offer.
Is it technically feasible to make such a transfer when you are in Prague?
Wouldn't it be necessary for you to sign a possible new contract somewhere in the new site?
I didn't think about it that much.
But in such a situation there are a lot of players today, they're all somewhere at the representative meetings and there's certainly still a lot of transfers to close today.
So it would certainly be feasible somehow.
How many clubs on the planet can afford you?
I really don't know.
So you don't push to leave?
The situation that I didn't catch in the first three games of the new season is new to me after fifteen years of career.
However, there is no reason to panic, pack up and go somewhere.
I want to continue to participate in Chelsea's goalie competition, and it's up to the coach who chooses to make the decisions over the next few weeks.
What role does the family play in your decision making?
I take all the factors into account.
Of course, the sporting aspect is important to me, but I also look at it from a personal point of view, to which the needs of the family of course belong.
Is it possible that you'd be caught for another club in England?
That's the question I thought would never concern me.
But in football, everything is possible.
I don't want to exclude anything.
I don't know the answer.
Prime Ministers of India and Japan to meet in Tokyo
The new Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is in Tokyo to meet with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe. On his first major visit since his May election victory, he is to discuss economic and security commitments.
Modi is on a five-day trip to Japan to strengthen economic ties with the world's third largest economy.
The list includes, first and foremost, plans for more extensive cooperation in the field of nuclear energy.
According to reporters, India also hopes that both nations will agree to cooperate on defence issues.
Police arrest a 20-year-old young man after a motorcycle chase in Karrat
The motorcycle was stopped after travelling at 125 km/h in a zone with a maximum permitted speed of 70 km/h and crashed into a bush to escape the police.
In the morning of Karrata, the traffic police tried to stop the blue motorcycle by the side of the road when they noticed it was going 125 km/h when exiting the petrol station on Bathgate Road.
According to police, the driver did not stop and continued on Burgess Road, then turned into a bush, so the police lost him from sight.
The motorcycle and the person who was in the driver's description were then seen at a house on Walcott Way in Bulgaria.
Karrath police accused the twenty-year-old of failing to comply with the call for a stop and of negligently conducting the proceedings.
He'll be on trial in Karachi on September 23.
The motorcycle was seized for three months.
George Webster accused of rape at hotels in Nairn and Pitlochry
The man will be tried on charges of raping women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28, was convicted during a hearing at the Glasgow Supreme Court.
He allegedly raped a woman on 7 June 2013 at Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry, Perthshire.
Webster allegedly attacked her while "she was unconscious, asleep, and unable to give her consent."
Webster is also charged with raping another woman at the Golf View Hotel in Nairn, Scotland, on 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Rae has set the date for the transfer to the Edinburgh Supreme Court on 17 November.
Restoring the very American ideal that labor rights are human rights at the same time
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have proposed a law to protect trade union organizations as a civil right.
“Depending on how the trade unions work, there are middle-class jobs,” says Ellison, a Democrat Senator for Minnesota who co-chairs the Congressional Committee.
That's why I'm so proud to be able, together with John Lewis, the model of occasional rights, to introduce a law that strengthens the position of employees.
This breakthrough legislation will give workers the same legal options as to prevent discrimination in trade union organisation as in other forms of discrimination - and will stop anti-community forces
Amendment of the Labour Relations Act to enable all employees facing discrimination, if they wish to join trade unions, to take legal action before a civil court - and to order compensation or damages - is the right and necessary initiative.
But it's certainly not a radical initiative - at least not by American standards.
The best way to understand what Ellison, Lewis, and other legislators are proposing is to re-establish the American ideal.
Despite the trade union struggles that have taken place in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan, and other states - Americans once supported countries around the world in accepting, expanding, and respecting labour rights.
There were times, and millions of Americans still remember them, when the country, in one breath, championed democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and the right to assembly.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, General Douglas MacArthur and his advisers supported the country in adopting a constitution designed to ensure that Hideki Toja's military autocracy was replaced by democracy.
They believed that employees and their trade unions played a role in shaping the new Japan, included language and openly recognised that “the right of employees to gather, negotiate and act collectively is guaranteed.”
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his advisers chose the Germans to create a constitution that would ensure that Adolf Hitler's fascism would be replaced by a strong democracy.
The Germans realised that workers in the new nation would need to be organised and promoted, and therefore included a clause that openly states: "The right to create societies that will safeguard and improve working and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every individual and to every occupation or profession.
Any arrangements that will restrict or attempt to damage this right will be repealed. The measures leading to the achievement of such a purpose are illegal.
When former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt chaired the International Commission on Human Rights, which proposed the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was adopted by the United Nations in 1948 as a global treaty, the sponsors included it, and Roosevelt guaranteed that “everybody has the right to form and join trade unions in the protection of their interests.”
For generations, Americans have accepted the basic premise that labor rights are human rights.
When the country advised other countries how to create civil and democratic society, Americans explained that the right to create trade unions – and their participation in collective bargaining with firms and government agencies as equal partners – must be protected.
Now that these rights are being challenged in America, it is absolutely necessary to return to the American ideal that working people must have the right to organize and promote themselves in a free and open society.
As Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Today everyone knows that the trade unions have not reduced the power of the nation, but have expanded it.
They raised the standard of living of millions of people, created a market for industry and raised production to untouched levels.
Those who attack the trade unions forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History does not forget, and we shouldn't either.
The formal recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of civil rights to prevent discrimination in the organisation of trade unions - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis are re-establishing the ideals that lifted America and made it a true promise of democracy.
The judge temporarily blocked a law that could close all abortion clinics in Louisiana
A federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked a Louisiana law that lawyers say would probably shut down all five abortion clinics in the state.
The regulation, signed by Louisia Governor Bobby Jindal in June and due to enter into force on 1 September, would require abortion doctors to have the right to receive a patient in a hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
The Judge's order means that doctors may temporarily continue to carry out legal abortions and must, in the meantime, obtain this authorisation.
"The proposed party will be able to carry out its activities legally and, in the meantime, obtain a permit," stated Federal Judge John deGravelles.
The hearing will be scheduled within one month so that the judge can issue a more permanent resolution on the law.
The abortion rights activists welcomed the resolution, which is the last in a series of similar measures, saying it will give doctors more time to obtain permission.
“Today’s decision ensures that women in Louisiana will be safe from the insane law that is threatening their health and their rights,” said Nancy Northup, President and Executive Director of the Reproductive Rights Centre, who has filed a lawsuit to block the law on behalf of three out of five clinics.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision concerned doctors from two clinics which were not among the defendants and also applied for that authorisation.
Louisiana is among the eleven states that have passed similar laws, with courts in Alabama and Mississippi declaring such measures unconstitutional.
Key parts of the Texas law that would close most of the remaining clinics in the state were blocked by federal judges on Friday.
Fighters for the rights of women to abortion, together with the Association of American Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Medical Association, argue that the need for this authorisation places medical requirements on doctors that are not necessary from a medical point of view.
Opponents of abortion opposed the measures aimed at protecting women's health and some also welcomed the fact that clinics would be closed because of the measures.
The Centre for Reproductive Rights stated that in Louisiana there is only one authorised doctor carrying out abortions.
If all doctors in the state were forced to stop performing abortions, this doctor would also stop performing the procedure for fear of his safety, the group said.
In response, the Louisiana authorities stated that they would not stop doctors performing abortions while waiting for a claim to be granted rights.
Rural ovarian cancer kills more frequently due to late diagnosis and poor availability of treatment
Angelina Jolie and her brother James released a video holding their deceased mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women in rural Australia are more likely to die of ovarian cancer than their urban counterparts.
Researchers analysed the medical records of more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005 and found that only 35% lived five years after diagnosis.
Research Director Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute said that women in rural and remote areas of the country were about 20 percent more likely to die during the study than women in urban areas.
STUDY: New drugs can slow lung and ovarian cancer
Researchers followed the woman for seven years of treatment.
Dr. Jordan said the chances of survival were influenced by women's age at the time of diagnosis, type of ovarian cancer, other existing diseases, and socio-economic status.
The lowest survival rate occurred in older women diagnosed with advanced cancer.
Women in rural and remote areas of the country were about 20 per cent more likely to die during the study than women in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women living outside the city were more likely to die of ovarian cancer, Dr Jordan argues that factors may be late diagnosis and poor access to treatment.
"The best way to treat the illness are gynecologists, who usually live in larger cities," she said.
Despite improving distance medical services to overcome the barrier in terms of distance, the doctor suggested that it would help to strengthen transport services that allow specialists to treat women closer to their homes, and programmes to support people who are treated far from their families and friends.
Dr Jordan stated that the study revealed that the long-term survival of women with ovarian cancer is low regardless of geographical location, highlighting the need for better treatment and prevention programmes.
Research funded by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33, Elisha Neave, a young mother from Gold Coast, was diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer.
Garden centers regret reduction in number of homeowners
According to a study by HTA published by the Financial Times, the drop in the number of homeowners under 35 could lead to garden centres losing up to £10 million a year until today’s younger generation of consumers reach the “main age group of gardeners.”
According to the report, people renting houses spend on average 55% of what people living in their own homes spend on their gardens.
Other factors threatening the industry, which earns an estimated £5 billion a year, include the increase in the number of people living in highly urbanised areas without gardens, the popularity of the use of parking spaces instead of courtyards and the decreasing size of gardens.
In the Greater London area, where the share of owned houses fell from 61% to 43% over six years, one household has the lowest expenditure on garden products in Britain.
HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society stated that housing in rent or a lack of space does not mean that people cannot grow plants.
Guy Barter, the chief garden advisor for RHS, said: “In tenants, it’s very popular to grow plants in flower pots – when they move, they can take the plants with them.”
The HTA report revealed that the "golden age" of the retail gardening sector was between 1997 and 2005 and was the result of a higher share of homeowners and economic prosperity lasting from the 1980s to the mid-1990s.
He also predicted higher sales this year due to better weather, which came after adverse conditions in March and April.
When the Eastern dictator speaks of democracy.
After Putin, at the meeting of his youth organisation, which reminds me most of all of the Hitlerjugends, rescued with atomic weapons and basically showed everyone that their views were stolen from him, gave us a lecture today on democracy.
But I have the feeling that the current regime in Russia shows many features of a fascist state.
The great nations have one thing in common, and that is that they can be ruled both by outdated nationalism and by the complex of inferiority transformed into imperialist traps.
Time seems to run differently in the east than in the west.
Whereas the Western world thought that the era of the wars of domination over Europe was long gone, the East believed that they had been overrun for a long time and that it was necessary to regain its international position.
Such a mood and frustration prevailed in Germany in the 1930s, just before the Nazis took power, and then followed an outbreak of nationalism similar to today's situation in Russia.
And then the very similar cult of a strong leader, the silence of journalists, the elimination of uncomfortable political opponents, discrimination against minorities and homosexuals, it is therefore, to believe it, quite similar.
Vladimir Putin, and certainly most of the Russians, are probably missing a time when Russia ruled half the world and the other half was shaking in front of them.
Maybe the Western politicians blamed themselves, maybe they didn't pat Vladimir on the shoulder, maybe they didn't invite him where he wanted to and maybe they started to underestimate him, and he just acted like a typical Russian man.
He kept his house in order, pretending he didn't want to go anywhere, and broke his knives.
Now he's decided to take back his lost position.
He starts slow, he's got time.
The leader's probably a lifetime old, so where would he hurry?
He scolded the Caucasians, now he scolds the Ukrainians, then there are the dwarfs of the Balkans.
They've been sniffing a Russian bear in a coat for a long time.
That's sure to be noticed by China, too, which is jumping up and down, and is sure to make a long way east.
And the Germans are really pissed off about Vladimir as well, and I gave them that on their ass at 45.
How about a new Novorosia in Karlovy Vary?
It would have been a basement, and there were a lot of ours there, and as they pressed them there, they already wanted to destroy some of them.
After all, our veterans still remember how they were in that Czechoslovakia.
Well, their Prime Minister, Mr. Sobotka, he's so soft, he can be broken like an onion and eat the whole of their EU.
It would be a game of leaps and bounds on big Russia.
They need to be reminded of where their place is.
And as explosives, we'll use our soukmen who live in their territory.
There's enough Russians everywhere, and when it's said they're pressing them in there, they're just pressing them in there, and we don't let that happen, we're protecting them.
And again, the Russian will rule, for he is born for something else.
After all, Europe is only good as a prelude to which a proud Ivan can dance a coconut.
Turkey summoned an American diplomat for a spy report
The Turkish Foreign Minister has called the highest-ranking US diplomat in the country to explain the report on US and British spying activity in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said the American charge d'affaires and Turkish officials discussed the report Monday.
German magazine Der Spiegel and Internet magazine The Intercept stated that according to documents provided by a former analyst of the U.S. National Security Agency, Turkey was a priority target of U.S. and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish media, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan underestimated the importance of the report and declared that all the major states were watching each other.
An earlier report that the German intelligence service also targeted Ankara provoked a more angry reaction from the Turkish government.
Game of Thrones series introduced the next tricks of the fourth series
The creators of Game of Thrones are currently shooting episodes of the fifth series of the cult series.
At the same time, they were honored with the creation of the tricks of the fourth series.
The most visible are computer adaptations of the series environment and the mass scenes where from the depths of the soldiers become a huge army of the famous Daenerys.
Chief of Police in Magaluf accused of corruption
On Friday, the complainants presented to the Mallord State Prosecutor's Office evidence of police and city council officials being blackmailed in the municipality of Calvia.
The head of the police in Calvia on the holiday island of Mallorca was arrested after allegations raised by businessmen and bar owners in the notorious party district of Magaluf.
Chief Inspector José Antonio Navarro was taken into custody after he was accused of corruption by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street where most of Magaluf's bars and night businesses are located.
According to the online diary Mallorca Diario, on Friday the complainants presented to the prosecutor of the Mallorca Office for Combating Corruption evidence of corruption by police officers and public officials of the city council in the municipality of Calvia.
Two other local police officers have been arrested by the Spanish State Police on charges of corruption and will be heard by a judge along with Navarr.
The Spanish national daily ABC quoted dissatisfied owners of night businesses as saying that the advantages given by public actors had a serious impact on their business.
"It's no longer about making money, it's about survival," said one of the entrepreneurs at the courthouse.
Don't play with our livelihood.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf reached the front page of magazines around the world after a video appeared on YouTube of an 18-year-old British tourist who gave oral sex to 24 men during a tour of bars.
Since then, the island authorities have been trying to monitor drunkards and hawkers among the participants in Magaful's holiday parties by reducing the number of notorious alcoholic bar tours.
In addition, the Playhouse club, where an oral sex event took place, was forced to close for a year and to pay a fine of €55,000 ($73,000) along with Carnage's bar tour organizers.
The tourist resort Magaluf, which is popular mainly among Britons, has also witnessed many alcoholic accidents, including a fashion wave known as "balconing", in which people jump from one balcony to another or from the balcony to the hotel pool.
The first spring day was marked by rain and storms that affected flights at Adelaide Airport
JARO brought an ice surprise to southern South Australia, with heavy rain and strong winds that seriously hit Adelaide Airport.
Another 5 mm of precipitation is expected in the city until nine o'clock in the evening and another 6.6 mm falls during the night on Sunday.
The last rain occurred along with a few short storm surges and wind disturbances that began eight o'clock in the evening and brought nearly 4 mm of rainfall in about ten minutes.
After several early spring doses came after the winter last week, temperatures in the city fell again on Monday to just 15.8 °C.
Hurricane weather is believed to have contributed to the delayed arrival of Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The aircraft was supposed to land shortly after 19:30, but was hit by a change in speed or direction of the wind over a short distance and was forced to delay landing.
Wind gusts at Adelaide Airport at the time reached about 50 km/h on the ground.
Flight data indicated that the aircraft had to depart from the second landing and finally reached about 20:40.
The delay resulted in further flight delays, including Emirates flights from Dubai and Qantas flights from Sydney.
The temperatures in Adelaide are forecast to reach a maximum of 16 °C on Tuesday and one or two overshoots may occur.
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children from areas near the Gaza Strip returned to school Monday after spending the summer in anti-bomb shelters, while rockets and mortars attacked their homes during the fifty-fifth war between Israel and Hamas. However, schools in Gaza remain closed while the territory recovers from the fighting.
The beginning of the school brought a sense of joy and excitement to the communities in southern Israel known for the attacks, but the signs of fighting are still visible.
In Ashdod, a city in the south of the country, staff of a schoolhouse hit by a rocket have removed the remains of the stumps from the wall and are awaiting the return of the children.
"We're a little scared, but otherwise we're looking forward," said Ronit Bart, a resident of Kibucu Saad and an English teacher at the local school.
Many children in this area really need to return to their daily routine.
Her eleven-year-old daughter, Shani Bart, told her it was "a little strange" to go to school again.
"We had a hard time, and we didn't leave the house at all," she said.
Kibuc, which is close to the border with Gaza, visited President Reuven Rivlin to offer his support to the population.
Until the ceasefire last week ended the war, thousands of border settlers like Saad remained inside their homes or left their homes and went to safer areas farther away from Gaza to escape missiles and mortars.
Many residents of Nachal Oz, a village near the Gaza border in which a Palestinian mine-gun shot killed a four-year-old boy, are struggling to return.
The Minister of Education said that about twelve families still did not return.
Their children were temporarily placed in secondary schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a city on the border with Gaza that was heavily affected by Palestinian fire.
He encouraged the children to study diligently, adding, "We will provide you with education and safety."
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday on an unlimited peace.
While the ceasefire led to an immediate cessation of the fighting, it did not resolve key issues such as Hamas’ demand for an end to the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of Gaza airports and ports.
Israel demands the disarmament of Hamas and the return of the bodies of two soldiers killed in the war.
A new round of indirect negotiations is expected to begin later this month in Egypt.
According to estimates by Palestinians and the UN, more than 2,100 Palestinians died in the war, three quarters of whom were civilians and at least 494 children.
Israel disputes these figures and estimates that at least half of those killed were radicals, although there is no clear evidence to support these claims.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker, died.
Hamas and other radicals from Gaza fired 4,591 rockets and mortars at Israeli cities in the southern part of the country during the fighting.
The Israeli army again carried out more than 5,000 air strikes and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks have damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250,000 people have been hiding in hundreds of UN schools that have been converted into temporary shelters.
Due to tens of thousands of people still in hiding and ongoing fighting, school officials postponed the start of the school year last week.
“I hope the school will open soon so that we can complete our education like Jewish children and other children around the world,” said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy from a school in Gaza’s largest city.
I'm standing behind the Christmas tree.
And Lafat suffers from the temperature
The Czech football team met today before noon in Prague before Wednesday's preparation match with the USA and the subsequent opening match of the European Championship qualification against the Netherlands.
The twenty-three-year-old team has problems with Spartan striker David Lafat, who suffers from fever.
David's not here yet, but Sparta had some problems last week, it was more players, and David still has a little bit of those problems.
But we want him to be here and be all right as soon as possible," coach Pavel Vrba told reporters.
"If it's two or three days, or if it's fit tomorrow, it'll depend on his condition, which our doctor will decide," he added.
The other players are fine.
"Of course someone has some illness, but it is not such that they could not train or participate in a match on Wednesday with the USA," the Czech coach said.
On Sunday night Vrba called as the last player of Spartan backup Luke Vach.
He admitted that it was not an easy decision, and other Central Poles considered it.
I decided on the basis that Luke is a prospective player who is 25 years old.
The decision was very complicated, but I stand by it," Vrba said to Vách.
What about Shural?
Let's see what happens to Latata.
It is not excluded that, in the event of health problems, the nomination could still change.
On the weekend, for example, Josef Šural, a Liberal, shined with a great performance, giving a hattrick.
Of course, there are players who have recently shown the form.
Let's see how David Lafat's going.
If he can't be available on Wednesday, I'm not saying that I can't bring in any of the players who have taken interest in the Czech League," Vrba said.
This afternoon the national team is waiting for training in Strahova, on Tuesday then the classic pre-match training before the duel with the USA on Summer, which will be open to fans and followed by autograms.
The race against the Americans will be played on Wednesday from 20:15 and the national team in it will strive for a premier victory under Vrba.
In the previous three matches, he played two rebounds and lost one.
The qualification match with the Netherlands is then scheduled for September 9th from 20:45.
The dog is going to the Netherlands to Italy
Vrba is glad that he has more time to practice than before.
There is an advantage when you have eight days of players and you can train with them certain things that we might not have had so much time for before.
Now we can only concentrate on making the best possible preparations for the Netherlands," Vrba said.
The Dutch will be represented in Italy on Thursday before the match in Prague and Josef Pešice, the former temporary coach of the team, will be watching the duel in person.
He'll give us the information that's from the game.
But it's not just about him, we're going to have a game shot and we're going to pick it up.
A new coach is coming to the Netherlands, we'll see what changes there will be," Vrba told the bronze medalists from the recent world championship.
According to highly monitored statistics, winter apartment prices have risen the most in the last seven years.
According to the housing value index in the Australian capital RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic housing prices rose by 1.1% in August, the agency said Monday.
The increase resulted in an overall increase in July, July and August to 4.2 %, the highest increase in the winter months since 2007.
Annual price increases reached 10.9%, more than double the year before August 2013, but profits were not evenly distributed in the country.
Research Director of RP Data Tim Lawless said Sydney and Melbourne are leading the market.
RP Data figures show that Sydney apartment prices rose 16.1% last year, while Melbourne prices rose 11.7%.
Among the other strongest markets were Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, with prices rising between five and six percent on average.
On the other side of the scale, Canberra, which suffered from the state's ordered cuts in expenditure, where prices rose by only 1.4% during the year.
Lawless said that as spring now began, there will be an increase in the number of properties available for sale in the coming months, which will be a "true test" for the market.
"Given the persistent high levels of auction sales, generally high sales rates and low interest rates, it is likely that the value of housing will rise further over the next three months," he said.
Lenny Henry: My father never hugged me.
He never said "I love you" to me
Henry was born in 1958 as one of seven children of Jamaican immigrants in Dudley, Midlands.
They had a cooler relationship with their father, who died when Henry was 19, and who worked in the factory.
Henry explores comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, which is partly based on an imaginary interview with his father and is part of the Radio 4 series.
The soundtrack is a mixture of reggae and rap and the melody is optimistic.
Henry had to deal with a few unpleasant memories of his childhood.
After his mother's death, Henry underwent "in-depth" therapy and is now thinking about his relationship with his father.
He knew very little about him.
You've never seen his face, you've just heard his voice: "Stop with that whisper.
Leave your sister alone.
Get out!
I want to look at the cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton—when I was a kid, they were grown-up—went to the bar with him and talked about things like the shape of a beer glass or the beauty of a strike in a cricket.
I've never talked to him like that.
For most of my life, he was a serious guy in the corner reading the paper.
Henry had recently visited the Dudley Dairy, and although the conditions were better than at his father's time, he had seen what life had to be like for him.
There's a little more light in there today, but it's still a dark, smoky, cloudy labyrinth where flames are burning and there's a lot of smoke and sage.
Dad always went in the tub and just lay there, and then you could hear him slowly start singing for himself, because he was pouring out the brewery.
As I walked around, I realized that he'd been doing this for years to enjoy his family, and I began to value him more.
Nevertheless, Henry lived a childhood without parental love.
Dad didn't hug anyone, didn't say "I love you."
It wasn't until my mom was sick and dying that we started to say, "I love you, I love you, I love you."
His daughter Billie, who he has with Dawn French, has made it possible for him to experience the love he missed as a child.
Can you stop saying "I love you"?
Don't hug me all the time!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Dawn French.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
She's a great mom
With French, with whom he was married for 25 years, they are still good friends.
Dawn's good.
Why shouldn't we be friends with Dawn?
She's a great mom.
Henry's own mother had diabetes.
It was one of the things that killed her.
So when I was very, very overweight and had symptoms of diabetes, the doctor said, "You need to make a radical change."
So I started going to a big fitness center, and I also had to keep a drastic diet to get rid of the symptoms.
It's very hard.
And exhausting.
Nobody wants to eat carrots.
A change in Henry's career may be reflected in his elegant, short-cut bra.
After receiving acclaim from critics for his Othell, he dived into the theatre.
It was followed by The Comics of August Wilson and Plots of August Wilson.
It's a different experience than the sitcoms and comedy that filled his hectic work life.
He started when he was 16 and worked in a factory.
DJ noticed him performing on stage and wrote about him in the New Faces talent contest.
His television career began in the mid-1970s: "For a long time I was the only black imitator/comic in television."
He taught at the march.
Besides having to be noticed by the public, between 1975 and 1985 I also had to learn how to make working jokes, be a star and appear on television, and it was really hard.
Lenny at New Faces 1975
Since his manager owned the rights to the stage production of The Black and White Minstrel Show, an entertaining show in which actors turned black, Henry eventually appeared in it with his comedy for five years.
My family was already upset about it.
I wish it never happened, but I don't hate it.
Even though it was a strange and embarrassing position, I worked on big scenes and learned how to work with the crowd.
What was "for years and years an acclaimed staple of British television," but was also "a grave parody of blacks."
In the 1980s, Henry worked in alternative comedy circles and presented characters that both ridiculed and celebrated British black culture.
The first series of The Lenny Henry Show began in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as Chef Gareth Blacklock in the comedy series Chef!.
The next decades took him advertising, documentaries, television series, and roles in films, but after his television series LennyHenry.tv was aired on the BBC in 2008, he said, "So what are you going to do now, Len?
The next was a documentary on Radio 4 called What's So Great About...?/What's So Great About...?
The first one was Shakespeare.
I was really allergic to Shakespeare.
We didn't really teach him at school, and I thought it was something for white high school students.
So I was scared of it.
All the people we interviewed on the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench, said, "You should try it."
Don't get into it when you don't know what you're talking about.
Try a few words and you'll see why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry presented twenty lines from Othell's final speech for the document, and he was already in it.
It made me feel like I could do it.
It's like it's given me the courage.
"That's what it's about. It's a serious thing, take it seriously, learn the text, find out about it.
So the test was tough, and I'd read the game months and months before.
And it was a success.
They seemed to be waiting for trouble, which didn't happen.
Soon he began to play in a comedy full of mistakes.
All of a sudden, I was at the National Theatre.
At one point I thought, "You've changed."
There was a technical breach, and Henry instinctively felt that he had to take responsibility for seizing the audience.
"The little voice in my head told me, 'Before the computer is fixed, you must entertain them for ten minutes now.'"
Instead, the theatre director announced that the show would continue as soon as the problem was resolved.
I left the stage and something in me said, "Hmm, thank God."
It's not my responsibility.
Somebody else can fix it for me.
"You're playing, so stay in the role."
Henry at Plotech at the Duchess Theatre
Learning Plots text was a challenge.
Panic is pretty good, it adds determination.
The game was also well received, so it's like a sign from God saying, "This is what you should do."
Of course, he says it in a LOUD voice.
So I'm staying with it.
I really like it.
I'm glad to be in the test room.
Henry still has a comedian's brain - he interrupts our conversation all the time with humorous performances when he enters and exits the role of an imitator.
I've decided not to do stand-ups, because to be satisfied in a room full of strangers is a little dangerous, I would say.
If you're still looking for something, you can get into a dead end.
Sometimes I do Live at the Apollo when I want, but I'm not as happy as I used to be.
I asked him if he'd ever organize a stand-up tour.
The joy of sitting in one room with a director who helps out the beginning, middle and end of the journey - I don't think I'd ever want to give up.
So your new incarnation?
I think so.
I love acting.
It's fun.
You keep telling stories, which is great.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Kenya registers civil servants to welcome non-existent employees
Kenya has started to biometrically register all its civil servants to try to remove non-existent employees from the government's payroll.
According to the government's statement, employees who do not register in the next two weeks will no longer be paid.
The government believes that thousands of people are still paid after leaving the state service.
After taking office in 2013, President Uhuru Kenyatta pledged to prevent corruption in government.
An audit conducted this year showed that the state receives at least $1 million (£700,000) per month from non-existent employees’ salaries and from further abuses of official power.
The government suspects that salaries continue to be deposited in bank accounts even after the employee's death or after the employee leaves the government, said Nairobi-based BBC reporter Wanyama Chebusiri.
All civil servants must be admitted to identification centres within the next two weeks where their data will be biometrically recorded, the government statement states.
It also says that anyone who fails to meet without sufficient apologies will be expelled from the payroll.
"By identifying the actual staff of the public service, this measure will make a significant contribution to its economy and will also be used to clear the payroll at both levels of government, thereby solving the problem of non-existent staff," said Anne Waiguru, Secretary of the Ministry of Development and Planning.
Tens of Turkish police officers arrested for “screaming” against the government
Local media reports that a total of 33 police officers have been detained in Turkey on suspicion of “insurrection against the government”.
The police have not yet commented on the case.
According to Hurriyet Dail News, fourteen high-ranking officials were among those detained.
Some of them were involved in a December corruption investigation targeting government officials, including four ministers.
In July, several Turkish police officers were arrested for allegedly organizing a criminal gang and telephone wiretapping.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (then Prime Minister) described their actions as part of the actions of Islamic cleric Fethullah Gülen against him and other people in power.
Not all children in Ukraine have returned to school
Most schools in Ukraine reopened on Monday (1 September) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally important for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseniy Jacinyuk took his daughter to school.
On this occasion, he told the journalists present that not all schools have been reopened, but that he is determined to defend the country for the next generation:
Not all schools held a traditional ceremony on September 1.
There is no peace all over Ukraine.
We must fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the united Ukrainian front, must fight for peace.
Alexan Pastukhov, a teacher at a school in Slavyansk attended by Jachenyuk's daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will finally be achieved here and that children will acquire knowledge that will be useful to them in the future.
The first day of school is traditionally celebrated by children wearing embroidered shirts, bringing balloons and giving flowers to teachers.
In Ron Fairhead, maybe the BBC has found a boss for hard times
There is no cloud of glory from the world of banking, media management, and the conservative party's internal conclaves.
She herself has experience in the front lines.
She began her career at Bain and Co, followed by Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and Pearsons.
For seven years, she was the executive director of the Financial Times, resigning when her younger colleague took over the top position at Pearson's parent company.
It's said that her withdrawal was close to a million pounds.
Its political portfolio is also extensive.
David Cameron was advised by Lord Brown, the former director of BP, when Cameron in Whitehall needed private expertise: she became an advisor to the government office.
Her husband is a former member of the city council.
In May, I described the director's job as a bowl of food.
Not only is the BBC a large and fragmented entity at the centre of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
Corporations are moving in two directions: inward to the top layer of the BBC’s own leadership hierarchy, but also outward to the voice of the public in times of unrest, when things don’t work.
It is an almost unsustainable monopoly that is calling for thorough reform.
But which director would risk coming into a company as complex as the Chinese dynasty, dismantling it, and thereby depriving himself of his job?
It's a tough challenge.
If it hadn't been so hard, a lot of people would have liked to see the BBC diminishing—its power, its finances—and its status being revised.
As competition expands and new technologies challenge old certainties, the immediate negotiation of concession fees for the BBC is in great danger.
For a modest sum of £145.50 a year, the British public buys a stake in what is undoubtedly the largest media company in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: it claims that its production reaches 96% of households and costs only 40 cents a day.
Moreover, the BBC's popularity is clearly rising: to 53% of supporters compared to 31% ten years ago.
Models of use of BBC services have changed: Today I can see newspaper headlines on my mobile phone and watch the shows I missed on the iPlayer.
But the BBC remains a very beloved and wonderful institution.
She needs an amazing director - I hope she found one.
Texas Governor Perry claims he didn't approve offensive tweet
A Tweet from the official Twitter account of Texas Governor Rick Perry, which was released on Sunday, contained a disturbing picture of a Democratic prosecutor who initiated Perry's criminal charges of abuse of power.
The tweet was later deleted, and another was posted on Perry's account, departing from the previous one.
A tweet that wasn't authorized left my account.
"I disagree with the tweet and have withdrawn it," he said in another post.
Perry's assistants didn't respond immediately to the query reports.
Although the tweets were sent from Perry's official account, it is not clear who is actually responsible for its administration.
The previous tweet published an unfair, humorous picture of Travis County prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg, who was convicted of drunken driving in April 2013.
When she refused to resign, Perry refused to pay for her office, which brought Perry, a possible presidential candidate in the 2016 election, before a grand jury in Austin this month.
"I don't always drive with three times as much alcohol in my blood as the permitted limit... but if I do, I'm suing Governor Perry for calling me to account."
I'm the coolest Democrat in Texas.
The investigation against Perry was not conducted by Lehmberg.
It was headed by Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was appointed by a Republican judge.
Perry was found innocent and charged as a tactical, political manoeuvre.
His qualified legal team asked the case supervisor to reject the charges, because using the laws to prosecute the longest serving governor in Texas's history is unconstitutional.
Perry interrupted the disbursement of $7.5 million from the state fund for the Department of Public Interest, which is headquartered in Travis County and prosecutes corruption in Texas, after Lehmberg refused to resign.
The rejection prompted a formal complaint by a left-wing group of civil activists.
Perry's official account is active-and sometimes celebrated.
After finishing fifth on his party’s committee in Iowa during his 2012 presidential campaign, Perry responded to speculation that he might end up with a tweet with his own picture running by the lake, saying, “Here I am, South Carolina!”
According to Berkeley, the housing market is returning “to normal”
One of London’s most prominent developer companies has warned that the housing market in south-eastern England has “returned” to normal activity.
Housing in the capital was the subject of high demand and rising prices, and widespread concerns about the credit bubble prompted the Bank of England to introduce mortgage limits in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and president of the Berkeley developer company for demanding clients, said on Monday, “Since the start of the current fiscal year, the market has returned from its peak of 2013 to a normal level of transactions.”
London's housing market did well during the downturn, as foreign buyers flocked to the capital.
Prices in the city jumped by 18.5% last year alone, far ahead of the average of 6.7% in England and Wales.
Average retail prices of private, affordable and student housing from Berkeley rose by about a fifth last year and reached £423 000 at the end of April.
However, due to the strengthening leverage, they have not been so attractive to foreign London property buyers in recent months – some of them have also been threatened by the introduction of new property taxes and the talk of a possible “seat tax” that politicians have come up with before next May’s parliamentary elections.
London-based real estate firm Foxtons warned last week that the April mortgage market review, which introduced stricter loan rules, will also slow the pace of market growth in both real estate sales and prices during the second half of the year.
New Bank of England data on Monday showed a decline in the number of approved mortgages for July, indicating that the housing market is calming down.
Hamptons International, another real estate agency, has reduced its forecast for London real estate prices to 3% in 2015 on the grounds that house prices have already begun to fall.
Meanwhile, the volume of transactions in London's most expensive neighborhoods such as Chelsea, Mayfair, and Kensington has dropped by a quarter each year, according to WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, the demand for housing in the capital was a blessing for Berkeley, as it increased cash for forward sales to over £2.2 billion.
Pidgley added: “The demand for the right, well-looking housing in a good location has remained the same and forward sales have therefore been maintained.”
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3,742 properties between the beginning of the year and the end of April, almost a third more than before the crisis in 2007.
Annual pre-tax profit increased by 40% to £380 million, revenue by 18% to £1.6 billion.
On Monday, prior to Pidgley's annual meeting, he said that Berkeley's annual earnings are expected to be in line with current market expectations.
Analysts agree that the annual pre-tax profit will be £450 million.
The Berkeley stocks stopped at 23.96 on the London stock exchange this afternoon.
Hacker posted naked photos of Jennifer Lawrenc on the internet
Jennifer Lawrenc is attending the 85th Academy Awards.
Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrenc's photos were leaked to the Internet due to a hacker who claimed he had a "list" of photos of hundreds of other aspiring actresses.
"Hunger Games spokesperson confirmed that Lawrenc's photos are true and criticized the hacker for "obvious breaches of privacy."
The authorities have already been contacted and will prosecute anyone who publishes Jennifer Lawrenc's stolen photos.
Hacker photos, which were originally published on the 4chan image-sharing server, allegedly obtained thanks to a border in the internet storage system of Applu iCloud. According to BuzzFeed, the alleged list of photos of hacked victims includes the names of dozens of stars including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen.
It is not clear how many photos are authentic, however, the star of the film "Scott Pilgrim against the rest of the world" Winstead on Twitter also criticized the act.
"I hope those of you who look at the pictures that my husband and I took years ago in our private home are happy with yourself," Winstead wrote on Twitter.
Victoria Justice, known from Nickolodeon’s “iCarly” and “Victorious” shows, however, denied that the photos were true. On Twitter, she said, “These allegedly naked photos of me are WARNING, people.”
It's better to hide it in the morning.
Buzzfeed on Sunday night announced that the spokesman for pop star Ariana Grande denied the alleged photographs were true.
Extraordinary sample from Howard Jacobson’s praised novel about love and the letter “J”
They disintegrated, that's the best way to describe it, gradually disintegrating like a cardboard box that someone left in the rain.
Only from time to time, a woman told him he was too serious, complicated, fierce, isolated, and perhaps a little suspicious.
And then she shook his hand.
He just admitted it.
He could whistle like a needle, yes.
The last sacrifice of this ability was the beginning of a love affair, which more than usual promised to relieve him of the loneliness of his life and perhaps give him some satisfaction.
Ailinn Solomons was a fragile beauty with wild hair and a floating heart from a village on the northern island, which was even further and more inaccessible than Port Reuben.
To the south came an older companion whom Kevern thought to be her aunt, who inherited the property in a damp but beautiful valley called, conveniently, the Valley of Paradise.
No one's been dead in the house for years.
The pipes burst, dead spiders in the bathtubs, sick people signing on the windows as if they thought the place belonged to them, the garden grew, and the grass resembled giant pools of cabbage.
The house looked like a pile of children's stories, scary and at the same time charming, with a garden full of secrets.
Author profile: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is on the preliminary list of nominations for the 2014 Man Booker Prize.
A better selection will be announced next week.
Kevern and Ailinn sat on armchairs in the long grass, holding hands, enjoying the unexpectedly warm spring afternoon, absently adjusting to the public station that supplied the country with delightful music and reassuring news, as the sight of her burned crossed legs reminded him of an old song of a long-forgotten black comedian who liked to listen to his father with his blindfolds.
You have too big legs.
Because of their natural aggression, they didn't play such songs on the radio.
They weren't forbidden—there was really nothing forbidden—they just didn't play.
They helped them get into the desuetuda, as did the word desuetudo itself.
Human taste has done what regulations and status would never have been able to do, and just as people in books choose memoirs in which the poor becomes the God, cooks and love novels, so music chooses ballads.
He let the cavern sink into the darkness and began to play the imaginary piano, singing the serenade to Aillini's big feet in a rough, comic voice.
Ailinn didn't understand.
"It was a favorite of jazz pianist Fats Waller," he said, automatically sticking two fingers to his lips.
That's what his father always did when he wanted to suppress the letter j before it came out of his mouth.
It started as a game when he was a kid.
His father told him he played the game with his father.
When you didn't put two fingers in your mouth at the word that started with j, it cost you a penny.
It wasn't funny then, and it wasn't funny now either.
He just knew it was expected of him, that's all.
He had to explain what jazz was.
Ailinn never heard one.
Even jazz, although not directly out of the law, they didn't play.
Improvisation is out of fashion.
There was only one "if" in life.
When she started playing the melody, people wanted to know exactly where it would end.
Same with humor.
His intransigence got people upset.
And jazz was humor expressed in songs.
Although he had not heard of Sammy Davis Junior until the age of ten, Kevern knew jazz from his father's secret collection of old CDs.
At least Aillin didn't have to say Fats Waller was black.
Due to her age, she couldn't remember a time when her favorite singers weren't black.
Even without laws or pressure.
A free society is one in which every part of it agrees with the principle of group gratitude with gratitude - with gratitude to those who were fortunately spared.
People of African-Caribbean origin with temperament and constitution were suitable for entertainment and athletics, and so they sang and ran.
People from the Indian subcontinent, as nature's electronics foundations, have assumed responsibility for the fact that no family will be without a functional phone.
The Poles who stayed were the plumbers, the Greeks who stayed washed the dishes.
Those of the Persian Gulf and Levant States whose ancestors did not leave the land quickly while what happened, when happened-fearing to be accused of putting them on fire, actually fearing that the fire would last them the next time-opened restaurants selling labneh and smoking water pipes, ignoring themselves, and inaction slowly feeding them.
Everyone according to his talent.
Because she only listened to ballads, Ailinn could hardly understand how music could come from the simple words Kavern had just sung to her.
Music was an expression of love.
"They're not really dirty," Kevern said.
Maybe just for people with too big legs.
My father never offended anyone, but he liked this song.
He spoke too much, but the neglected garden provided an illusion of security.
Beyond the soundproof leaves, not a word could escape.
Ailinn still didn't understand.
Why would your father like something like that?
He wanted to say it was a joke, but he refused to put two fingers to his mouth again in her presence.
She thought he was weird already.
"He thought she was funny," he said at last.
She shook her head in disbelief and obscured Kever's view.
There was nothing to see in the whole world but a change in her shark hair.
He didn't want to see anything else.
"If you think so," she said doubtfully.
That still doesn't explain why you're singing it to me.
She looked really upset.
My legs are too big?
He looked again.
She didn't walk at all.
Maybe some ankles...
You say you hate me because I have too fat ankles?
I hate it?
That's not true.
It's just a stupid song.
He could have said "I love you," but it was too soon.
"Your fat ankles are just attracting me," he tried.
I'm a little disgusted.
That didn't work.
He wanted to be funny.
When he wanted to be funny, it often put him in trouble because, like his father, he lacked the magic necessary to defeat the cruelty that read in the jokes.
Perhaps his father was deliberately cruel.
Maybe the Cavern was deliberately cruel.
Despite the kind eyes.
Ailinn Solomons blushed and rose from her desk, dropped the radio and poured the uncooked wine.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
She seemed to tremble in her excitement like palm leaves in the storm.
"I'm damned attracted to your stupidity," she said...
Except I'm not attracted to it.
She was sorry, both for her unkind words and for the fear she had in her eyes when she stood up against him.
She thought she'd hit her?
She didn't talk to him about life on the cold northern peninsula where she grew up, but he had no doubt that it was basically the same as here.
The same vast and ice-covered ocean was falling on them.
The same confused men, after what had happened, even more subtle and subtle than their ancestors, the smugglers and the casinos, wandered angrily from pub to pub, ready to raise their hands on any woman who might dare to reject them or laugh at them.
Bullshit?
If she's not careful, they'll show her their fists!
To erase her first--to erase her became the most common expression for erotic harassment between a man and a woman: the antidote to the faint ballads of love that the radio cried out--to erase her first, then to kill her one.
In Kever's view, too much cultivation, because toying was in itself an act of violence.
Ailinn Solomons gave him an immeasurable hint to leave.
He climbed from the bench like an old man.
She felt frightened herself, but the weight of his sadness surprised her.
It wasn't the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched him leave - as if she were watching him from a window on the ground floor - a man who had been driven by what he had caused himself.
Adam leaving the garden, she thought.
Her heart clenched for him and for all the men in general, no matter how many killed her.
The man turned away from her, his shoulders raised, shamed, defeated, all the fighting left him-why did she think she knew this look well, though she could not remember a single moment, until today, that she would ever see it again?
Ailinn Solomons, again alone, looked at her legs.
About twenty years after these events, Esme Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic thirty-two-year-old researcher working at Ofnow, the non-standard public mood monitoring system, prepared a short article on the persistence of light and medium-heavy acts of violence in areas of the country where its mitigation or immediate stopping was most expected if sufficient money and energy were made available to eradicate it.
"Many things have been done and much more needs to be done," she wrote, "to calm the natural aggression of the people who fought in many battles and won most of them, especially in the secluded, hard-to-reach places of the country, where, despite the peak of church towers rising above the living fences, the breath of human kindness has historically rarely appeared."
However, some things are irreplaceable.
It might seem that the higher the church tower, the lower the gaps.
Residents sniff at the emotional ballads, swallow unhappy stories and declare that they firmly believe in the value of marriage and family life, but not only that in rural areas old brutality holds as tightly as in urban agglomerations, but evidence also shows that new and aggressive intolerance is emerging at home, in the workplace, on the roads and even on sports grounds.
"Unfortunately, you tend to be too fancy," said her superior.
I would suggest that you read fewer novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I also have to ask: Are you an atheist?
"I don't think I have to answer that," Esme Nussbaum said.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme renewed her right to privacy and silence.
Feminist?
Another silence.
"That's why I don't ask," Rabinowitz finally said, "that I have anything against atheists, lesbians, or feminists.
We don't have prejudices in this workplace.
We belong to unconstrained societies.
But a certain kind of oversensitivity, which in itself is entirely acceptable and praiseworthy, can sometimes crumble the judgment as you have done.
Obviously, you yourself are biased towards the church - the things you call "cruel" and "brutal" could also be interpreted by others as expressions of natural power and energy.
He's still dealing with what happened, when it happened, as if it happened, if it happened, yesterday, preparing the country with its basic life force.
As Rabinowitz spoke, Esme Nussbaum looked around.
Behind his head, on the light table, there was a pink glimmer of advice that Ofnow had been sending to the world for the past quarter of a century or more.
Smile at your neighbor, take care of your partner, listen to ballads, go to musicals, use your phone, talk, explain, agree, apologize.
Speaking is better than not speaking, singing is better than writing, but there is nothing better than love.
"I fully understand your reservations," Esme Nussbaum replied quietly, sure her superior was gone, "and I am no longer claiming that the wound did not heal as we would like it to.
My main concern is that, unless we are warned in advance, we will repeat the same mistake that led to what happened when it happened.
This time, however, we will not vent our anger and distrust on others.
Luther Rabinowitz put his fingertips together.
That was meant to mean endless patience.
"You go too far," he said, "when you describe the steps your ancestors may or may not have taken as mistakes.
You're going too far when you're talking about them venting their "rage" and "incredulity" to the "others."
I shouldn't remind anyone in your place that in understanding the past and protecting the present we're not talking about "us" and "nobody."
There were no "we" and no "them."
All we know is that these were chaotic times.
"By whom, if we are honest with one another," Esme took the courage, "we are not blameless.
I don't blame anyone.
Whether it was fair or not, what happened happened.
That was before.
There's nothing to add - we agree on this.
And just as there is no guilt that can be attributed to anyone, there are no things that should be corrected, even if the correction was appropriate and possible.
But there's more to the past than to learn from it--
The past exists to be forgotten.
If I can add something to that--
Luther Rabinowitz wiped his fingertips.
"I'll take your report into consideration," he said, leaving her.
The day before she went to work as usual, she was hit by a motorcyclist who hit the sidewalk in a way that passersby described as "brutal and angry."
Accidents happen.
The army of the Kingdom of Lesotho claims that no coup is planned - the Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Military officials in the Kingdom of Lesotho have denied that they were organizing a coup to overthrow the government, and claimed to have acted against police suspects in an attempt to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane has fled the country and says the army has surrounded his official headquarters and occupied government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
After claiming he was threatened with death, the prime minister and his family left for the neighboring South African Republic.
The Army spokesman, Major Ntlele Ntoi, said that it was not really a gun, but the Army's response to the threat of "political fanatics" that the police were trying to arm.
"Today morning, the command of the Lesotho Kingdom's defence units acted after receiving several reports from the Information Service that there were several groups within the police force planning to arm some radical, political fanatics who were going to commit suicide in the country," he told the Voice of America.
The spokesman for the South African government, Clayson Monyela, said the military action seemed to be an attempt to overthrow the government.
"While no one has claimed to have used force against the government, the actions of the Lesotho defence components appear to bear the mark of a coup d'état," he said.
Military representatives of the Kingdom of Lesotho said that the soldiers had returned to their barracks on Sunday, and there was peace in the capital.
During Thaban's absence, Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing will be responsible for the government.
Thabane has stated that he believes he is the target of the attack because of his efforts to fight corruption in the country.
Since June, when Thabane suspended parliamentary sessions due to internal disputes, tensions have been rife in Lesotho.
He stated that despite the contrary, he did not undermine his actions to the government.
Production in the euro area is at a minimum of 13 months
According to a closely monitored survey, production growth in the euro area slowed to a minimum of 13 months in August.
The final index of purchasing managers in the euro area (PMI) fell from 51.8 in June to 50.7 in August.
A number greater than 50 is an expansion.
The loss of new orders and factories have damaged the growing tensions between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The figures come from the quarterly meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB).
Markets will want a clear plan from the bank on how to deal with the eurozone’s distant recovery and the threat of deflation with inflation stagnating at 0.3%.
It has been speculated that ECB Director Mario Draghi may have indicated this week that he is considering a quantitative easing of the eurozone, similar to that undertaken by the United Kingdom and the United States during the financial crisis.
“While at least some growth is better than no growth, the braking effect of the growing economy and geopolitical uncertainty on producers is increasingly visible,” said Rob Dobson, Chief Economist at Markit.
The production PMI of Germany, Russia's largest trading partner in the EU, fell to a minimum of 51.4 months.
In the zone's second largest economy, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
Concern prevails over France, Italy has again gone from expansion to stagnation.
The signs that the growth engine in the most important industrial areas in Germany, Spain and also the Netherlands has disappeared are also not very reassuring," Dobson said.
Industry slowdown is likely to put oil in the fire for analysts awaiting further monetary or fiscal stimulus.
One positive report came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said, “The best thing to say about the August Purchasing Managers Product Overview is that it shows that the sector is still growing.”
He added: Manufacturers in the euro area are currently experiencing a very complicated life because the growing geopolitical tensions - especially between Russia and Ukraine - are adding even more uncertainty to the increasingly challenging conditions in many countries.
This growing uncertainty has clearly affected trade - in particular consumer confidence, which is likely to lead to some orders being delayed or even cancelled, especially those that are expensive.
He noted that it appeared to be “more likely” that the ECB would eventually have to implement some form of quantitative easing, “although we expect it to be limited.”
Ten Years of Hell Survivors of Beslan: Ten Years from the horrors of the occupied school children still suffer
Ten years ago, thousands of people were held hostage by Chechen radicals at a school in Beslan in southern Russia
During the three-day ordeal that shocked the world, more than 330 people were killed, more than half of them children.
We went back to Beslan to look for some of the victims who escaped death during school betrayal.
Just ten years after the terrible occupation of a school in Beslan, in which 334 people, including 186 children, died, the surviving heroes warned last night of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When, on September 1, 2004, at the beginning of the new school year, fanatical terrorists captured and murdered children and parents, it looked like the deepest bottom of hell.
Resistance to the tragedy has linked East and West, leading to negotiations and a future in this catastrophic disaster.
After ten years, we returned to Beslan in southern Russia to search for some of the victims who escaped death during school betrayal.
We found amazing young people who resisted misfortune, even though the memory of the terrorism hell in them will live on.
What's their biggest wish?
So that the war that is now destroying Ukraine - and in which children like them are dying - is over.
Girl trying to get back to the ruined school gym
She was caught by leading Russian photographer Dimitriy Beliakov just in his underwear trying to get back into the bombed school gymnasium after the bomb exploded in it.
Aida, confused, looked desperately for her mother, Larissa, who was now forty.
There were concerns that they were both dead, but they actually survived.
"Some woman told me to run and save my life, but I couldn't," Aida said at the time.
My legs were bloody.
I got up and went back in to find my mom.
The soldier saved her.
After several operations, she thought she had recovered completely, but yesterday she said, "Three months ago the pain came back.
I'm afraid I'll have to have another surgery.
I've got pieces of scars left in my knee.
Her goal is to become a dentist so that she can help people as doctors have helped her.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it certainly didn't destroy it," she said determinedly.
"It just happened to me, and it can't be changed.
I go to the gym once a year to remember those who stayed there.
Otherwise, we're trying not to talk to friends about it.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future classmate, Jerry Gapoe, was killed there.
When we were little, we played with each other and imagined how we would go to school together.
"I don't want to marry until I finish school and start my career.
I'll think about the family later.
She says she didn't forget about the arrest, but the memories are a little bleak every year.
I am glad that so many people around the world still remember what happened, and we are very grateful for the help we have received from Britain and other countries.
When I look on the Internet at my picture lying in the school window, I think a lot of people will see it for the first time, understand the disaster and prevent it from happening again.
A boy who escaped the rain of bullets and believed his mother was dead
It was his first school day (in Russia children start school at the age of seven) and survived a three-day school dress in the hug of his mother Tamar.
At the time, the seven-year-old said, "Mommy told me that if there was an explosion, I should lie down and hold her hand."
After the explosion, he thought his mother was dying.
She said, "Run."
He was afraid she was dead, and he ran away, and on the way he saw a crying baton, grabbed the child's hand, and they ran away with a shower of balls.
His father Vladimir, who had caught him outside, said, "Damir told me that his mother was dead."
He says, "I couldn't save her."
In fact, Tamara was dragging herself out and lying in the hospital with her leg injured, thinking that her son had died.
After they met again, she said, "I cried for happiness.
I couldn't believe it.
He ran in and hugged me.
Damir then flew to London (according to the defunct News of the World), where Tony Blair and his wife Cherie were declared winners of Bernardo's Children.
"The horror comes back every day, but I wish I could stop thinking about it," he said yesterday.
But I can say the memories are fading.
I remember right after that I threw all my guns at the game.
But today I can play computer games where I shoot, and I don't have a problem with that.
"I'm not afraid to go back to the gym, but I'm not thinking about myself.
I remember the kids I played with in the yard and didn't get out.
We'll never say they were killed or died.
We say they stayed in the gym.
I remember well the trip to London, especially the way I could pick anything I wanted in the toy store, and the way I drove the convertible.
But now he's worried about places like Ukraine, where the war is suffering as well as he and his friends.
The horror comes back every day, but I wish I could stop thinking about it.
"I'm so sorry for anyone who has to go through such a horror," says Damir, who volunteered at the monastery last week.
I want to help a lot.
I want to work for the police one day, and I hope they'll accept me to the academy next year.
His mother Tamara, 48, says, "They killed 37 children from our neighborhood, can you imagine?
I remember that silence right after the attack, there were no children screaming and running around, and that silence lasted for months.
He remembers the trip with Damir to London alive.
When I told our story in London, people cried.
Then I realized how people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings and how they can express their support.
She was grateful to Cherie Blair and her foundation for the award and for the opportunity to travel to London in autumn 2004.
I wish I could call Cherie and tell her personally that even though it's been ten years, I still remember meeting her and her husband in London and how they helped me and Damir.
I remember Damir's taste of mustard, so they called all the Russian restaurants.
I also remember playing with waiters in the restaurant, Damir shooting them with a water pistol, and they ran away and played with him.
And that was only a month from the horror.
I was surprised how the British wanted to share our pain with us and how they supported us.
She said, "I still think the world hasn't changed for the better in ten years.
Now there is war in Ukraine, people are dying every day, and I think many children have been and will still be killed.
They're the same kids as ours.
I think for a lot of people, war is just something in the news they hear when they're bored or when they're doing something else.
I know what these people are experiencing, what a horror it is.
I still feel it.
Nothing's changed, people still want to kill each other, it's so sad.
Damir has grown up to be a nice and quiet boy, not aggressive or angry at all.
For example, he doesn't want revenge, he doesn't care about this at all.
I know she doesn't like to remember that, but she's very close to six of her classmates, and from time to time she goes to the gym and lights candles.
When he was younger, he had problems with it-I remember him sometimes lying on the couch with his face turned away from us and sometimes lying there for hours.
He wasn't sleeping, his eyes were open.
I also remember he threw out all his guns or other weapons to play. Damir's 17 today, he's taller than me, he's pretty, smart and healthy.
I can hardly believe I've been certain for hours that he's dead and I'll never see him again.
When I recovered from the explosion and got to my feet, I looked around and saw the hell, pieces of human bodies lying everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that my boy had no chance of surviving this hell.
"I remember screaming, 'Damire, run, run!' but I was sure he couldn't hear me.
But he heard her and ran away.
So, unlike others, our life goes further.
Grigory Ilyin, 17
A boy whose photo after the attack became a symbol of the horrors of Beslan
Happiness: The survivor of Beslan Grigory Ilyin with his mother Fatima after the attack in 2004, Grigory on the right today
When he was running for his life after a Chechen terrorist shot his classmates, his bloody face was swollen with fear.
His picture was one of the most shocking symbols of infidelity in Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a doctor, sent him to school on his first day and rushed to take his elder son Vladimir to university.
"I left two minutes before the terrorists broke into the courtyard, so my boy stayed there alone for three days," she remembered.
Not all alone because we had relatives there, but everyone died there.
Only my Grigory survived.
As the date approaches, it's getting harder to think about it and talk about it.
There won't be a day that we don't remember the tragedy.
We don't think it happened long ago, I feel like it was yesterday, some moments are still coming back to me.
I promise no one will ever forget.
Still returning memories: The photo of Grigory (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was immortalized as a statue (right)
I remember Grigory was so excited to go to school that day, he said he wanted to hug his teacher.
I knew he was alive when I saw him on TV.
There's even a statue of Grigory crying in San Marino.
Grigory doesn't like looking at this picture, and at home we keep it hidden in the library.
I understand, but I also think that thanks to this picture, people all over the world know what pain we feel.
Today Grigory says, "It is important that this does not happen again.
"I doubt we'll ever know the truth.
Similar tragedies are still being investigated, but no one will ever find out the truth.
Now they're investigating the boeing accident in Ukraine.
Will we ever find out what the cause was?
This world is waiting for something too bad.
"I don't understand why this is happening, because when you ask people, no one wants a war, so how is that possible?
Ten years is nothing for such pain.
It takes decades for us to forget.
It had an effect on my health, I still feel it.
I had three or four years because of the nightmare attack, but then it got better.
When I went back to school in 2004, every day I was scared.
I was thinking of my friends and classmates who were killed.
That's why, as September 1st approaches, I go to the gym.
I want to honor the memory of my childhood friends.
It's hard for me to get into that gym, but I have to.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is past.
I won't forget, but I'm not sorry.
My life goes on.
I finished school this year and started studying medicine at the University of Vladikavkaz.
I want to be a cardiosurgeon.
I wanted to join the army first.
I wanted to be a soldier, but I couldn't because of my health.
I wanted to fight for my country, but I can't.
Grogory Farniyev, 20
A boy who survived despite being held at the feet of a murdering terrorist
Miracle: Gregoriy Farniyev was held at the feet of the murderer during the attack, yet he managed to survive
When the attack was on, he was caught in the gym, sitting next to the bomb at the murderer's feet.
It's a real miracle he survived.
"It feels like it was yesterday," Gregory said, who wanted to become a Federal Security Officer but couldn't because of the injuries he had suffered during the attack.
It's still with me, it's not something I threw over my head.
Now that I'm older, and it's been said that children cope better with bad experiences - I have to say that's not true.
"I went to a psychologist in 2006 and I was a little better then, but I can't forget.
And I'd like to forget.
In 2005 - a year later - it was the first and last time I entered the gym again.
I'm drunk.
I'll never go there again, and please don't ask me to show you where I sit on that well-known picture.
Survivor: Gregorij Farniev today, on his notebook with his photo taken at the hospital after the attack
The pain is enormous, and I carry it with me every day.
Friends know I don't like to think about it or talk about it, and they never ask me to school.
As far as physical health is concerned, I'm fine.
I have to be careful about my knee, which I've hurt myself, but I'm walking normally.
But even so, because of my health, I could not enter and study at the FBS Academy in Petrograd as I wanted.
I sent them my documents, including medical reports, and they told me it wasn't possible.
My other favorite are animals, so I joined the vet.
I finished my second year there.
They learn how to treat all animals from cats to cows.
He said, "I know I'm never going to tell my children about it.
It's not something kids should know about, and it's no longer something they should experience.
His mother, Marina, 42, said, "The pain will still be here.
It's inside and it's getting worse with the coming anniversary.
I'll attend the memorial ceremonies.
I know Grigory won't go.
It must be even stronger for him, because unlike me, he was there.
I was waiting for him at home, and I couldn't help him.
I'm so grateful to God that he returned it to me.
It's with us.
Gregory's grown up today, but he's carrying the horror on.
It's hard to accept when something so unfair happens to you.
He's a kid, he loves sports, but he can't do it because of his knee.
He has undergone several operations, he can walk, but he can't practice.
I'd say about 50 percent of the freak has overcome it, but overcoming it completely and forgetting it is not possible.
This terrible experience will always be with us.
Many of our friends and neighbours were killed during the attack, and it only exacerbates the pain.
I've lost a lot of people I liked and loved.
My son is with me, and it's the greatest gift God could give me, but I'm hurt by the loss of the dead.
I know families where more children were born, but also widows who didn't marry again.
It's hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want to.
I'll never forget how my heart almost blew out of my chest when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I'm watching what's happening in the world - wars elsewhere.
What are these people fighting for?
Why are they killing each other?
The war is now approaching our country, which I can hardly believe.
In the past, we were a friendly country, so how did we get to fight together now?
People and children suffer, I am sure many children in Ukraine have been and will still be killed.
If we could take all the rebels and throw them away as far as we can.
Alyona Tskaeva, 10
The child brought to safety by the special command
Protected: Alyon Tskaev is taken to a safe Russian special command (left).
Now she's ten (right) and doesn't remember the tragedy at all
The world was breathing in 2004 when a Russian policeman took little Alyon out of the Beslan captivity.
She was released by the terrorists, but her thirty-year-old mother, 10-year-old sister Kristina, and her brother Makhara were kept in the school gym.
Makhar, who was three years old at the time, escaped, but Alyon's mother and sister died in the massacre.
Her brother Ruslan has remarried, and with his new wife Svetlana they have a girl named Kristina after the dead daughter.
Neighbors say that Alyona, now ten, doesn't remember the attack at all, and has grown into a bright and happy girl.
A close friend said, "It's a great happy family, and Alyona and Makhar are great kids."
Ruslan is an excellent father and wants to keep the children away from the memories that mark the tenth anniversary.
You can understand why.
A man accused of hurting a girl at a sign crossing in Fife
Eighty-seven-year-old man on trial for hitting a three-year-old girl while crossing a sign in Fife.
Gordon Stewart allegedly hit the girl at the Pittenween crossing in East Neuk.
The applicants claim that Stewart did not drive his Audi Q3 with sufficient consideration and attention and injured the girl.
Stewart (78) of Anstruther denied the charges before the Dundee court.
Judge Charles Macnair set the date of his staging in January.
4 tips on how to get better photos and videos underwater
If you are interested in underwater shooting or shooting, you have a wide range of equipment available.
The cheapest option is a compact Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an outdoor GoPro Hero3+ Silver Edition camera, which costs around $300.
I took these pictures at a family party with a couple of cameras, and they all cost less than $350.
It doesn't matter what equipment you use, but there are a few rules for achieving the best results.
Check your equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure the batteries and other parts are tightly sealed.
Additionally, set the camera according to the type of photos or videos you want to take.
Some cameras and video cameras have a scene or shooting mode that optimises exposure to a dark underwater environment.
And before you get into that, find out how deep you can dive with your equipment.
Some cameras are limited to 5 feet, others to 50 to 60 feet.
Read our guide to purchase and evaluate digital cameras in both standard and waterproof versions.
Always take a few shots - not many of them will come out.
Compact cameras have an LCD that helps you to compose pictures, but outdoor cameras don't.
Even if you have an LCD, underwater it will be difficult to see and the composition of the shot will be unpredictable.
So always do more shots.
If the camera has a bracketing mode that takes a series of shots with slightly different exposure range, use this.
Stay close to the surface.
With a deeper dimming, the light is significantly reduced.
If possible, keep your photo in the pool, lake or sea near the surface.
This also allows you to capture more light in your photos - the deeper you dive, the fewer colors you will see.
Get close to the photographed object.
That's great advice if you're shooting on the ground, but underwater is even more important because of the darker light.
This is especially important when shooting with an outdoor camera: Such devices usually have a fixed and wide angle lens, which means that if you want to fill the frame, you need to get closer to the objects.
Andrew Lawson was a man whose power of personality could change things even in such a huge organization as the NHS.
As an anesthesiologist, he devoted his career to relieving patients of pain caused by illness and treatment.
His wife remembers that one of the people who sought his help was an MI6 officer who had to live with the consequences of the torture that had frozen him.
Lawson understood that while doctors focus on diagnosis and disease, the vast majority of patients treated were interested in something else: pain.
One day in 2007, however, it was he who began to suffer.
"I don't feel in my skin," he wrote in May of that year.
I felt powerless.
He struggled with the symptoms of the flu and found that he was impatient and included his wife Juliet in his complaints.
He said, "I want everything to happen sooner than later."
When Juliet went on a business trip for a week, Lawson was unusually and unexplainably upset.
Something wasn't right.
A colleague did a chest X-ray.
One or two weeks ago he skied in the French Alps.
X-ray results have arrived.
He had mesothelioma, an incurable tumor that affects the throat or lungs.
For most cancers, it is difficult to determine what caused them.
Although some smokers get lung cancer, not all lung cancer patients smoked.
But mesothelioma is different.
Almost in all cases, it is the cause of exposure to asbestos - a building fibre material that was previously described as'miraculous' but is now known to be deadly.
For most of us it was not difficult to ignore mesothelioma.
Asbestos, after all, belongs to the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos has not been used in Britain since the 1960s, when the ban on the use of asbestos in industry came into force.
Even when asbestos was used, only a few groups of people came in close contact with it, such as insulation treasurers, builders, carpenters and shipyard workers.
Toxins used in other industries today do not seem to be a cause for concern.
But that kind of selfishness is out of place.
As it turns out, the epidemic of mesothelioma is at its peak in Britain today.
Deaths from mesothelioma are higher here than in any other country in the world.
The 2 500 deaths due to this disease each year are twice the number of victims of car accidents.
Deaths from mesentery per year since 1980 and estimated future deaths in the UK
The reason why we are only now experiencing its effects, even though the use of asbestos has been illegal for years (all asbestos species were finally banned by law in 1999), is that it usually takes several decades for mesothelioma to develop.
The mesothelioma epidemic does not only affect veterans of the construction industry.
Asbestos has been, and in many cases still is, present in the homes in which we live, in the offices in which we work, in the schools in which we learn, and in the shops in which we shop.
Mezoteliom therefore does not respect the social class, wealth, occupation or age.
Privileged palaces from London's commercial houses to public schools are no shelter.
Parliament is also full of asbestos.
Even the hospitals where we should be treated are the repository of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson wasn't old.
He didn't even consider isolation.
He tried to find out where he could come into contact with asbestos.
Then he figured it out.
"There may have been a lot of asbestos in the basement halls of Guy's Hospital, where I spent six years in practice," he wrote.
Everyone - students, nurses, doctors, and gatekeepers - used the corridors.
The question is, how many of my contemporaries get the same disease?
Unfortunately, that was the question he could partly answer.
"Of the four doctors who practiced at Guy's Hospital and subsequently developed mesothelioma in the past five years," he noted in a letter in 2010, "I'm the only one still alive."
How many of us are sick?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma when he was 48.
When he died on February 17, this year, he was 55.
Surviving with this diagnosis for so long is not normal.
55 percent of people diagnosed with mesothelioma die within eight months of diagnosis.
Disease is always fatal.
So now we can only repeat Lawson’s question: “How many of us suffer from the same disease?”
According to the leading British expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Pete, the best estimate is that between 1970 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic takes place in Britain, around 90,000 people will die.
Most of them currently have no idea that they will die this way.
Asbestos mines in Quebec, Canada
A closer look at the files in the court archives, to which the injured often turn and require compensation, shows how widespread the mesothelioma has been.
For example, this July, Marks & Spencer admitted that Janice Allen had dumped asbestos out of negligence.
She worked for the chain for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, when she supervised two stores in the clothing section - one of the locations was the flagship company, a store on Oxford Street.
Allen was only 18 when she started working for M&S.
Today, she has two children who are over 20.
"Before that happened," he says, "I'd never heard of mesothelioma before, barely knew anything about asbestos.
It never occurred to me in my dreams that he might have anything to do with me.
Not many people know anything about asbestos.
In fact, asbestos is not one substance, but a group of six minerals.
He got his name because of his fibrous structure, which gives him strength and flexibility.
Of the six minerals, three were used in construction.
Today, chrysotile, commonly known as white asbestos, can be found most often in buildings.
It was used in roof panels, floor tiles, boiler seals and even in brake coverings.
It is not as deadly as other forms of asbestos, yet the EU and WHO consider it to be a "high health risk" that can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, are brown asbestos (amosite) and blue asbestos (krokydolite).
Britain was once the world’s largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts argue that “there is compelling but indirect evidence that this was the main cause of the unusually high incidence of mesentery [in the United Kingdom].”
Marsk & Spencer employee exhibited asbestos at flagship store in Oxford Street, London
Janice Allen may not be considered a typical victim of mesothelioma, but Julian Pete's work points out that her story is not at all unusual.
His patient study states that ‘a significant proportion of cases of mezotelioma without known exposure to asbestos at work or at home was likely caused by exposure to asbestos in the environment’.
A significant part of this exposure is due to the ‘common use and heating’ of buildings.
Looks like no one can be sure he's safe.
The report by Goddard Consulting, which examined the Westminster Palace, shows that even people in the centre of government do not need to know that they may be exposed to asbestos.
In 2009, Goddard published a report that service elevators and pipelines behind parliamentary committee rooms were contaminated with asbestos, the deadly fibre of which could be damaged by something as harmless as a “strong airflow.”
Ministers are often accused of taking care only of their own interests, but in this case it can be the opposite.
Although the Directorate of Parliament's Services insisted that the Westminster Palace should receive a "complete medical certificate", it now anticipates that one million pounds and several years of work will be needed to scrutinise Parliament, modernise electricity and remove asbestos, and that after the 2015 elections, MPs will sit in Queen Elizabeth II's Conference Centre rather than on the green benches in Westminster.
The Goddard report states that "the presence of asbestos is not in accordance with several regulations."
It is impossible to say whether this inconsistency will cost lives.
Everyone can just wait now.
One of the people who has never been able to determine when they were exposed to asbestos is Graham Abbott, a doctor.
Like Andrew Lawson, Abbott (50) suspects he was exposed to asbestos while working in hospitals.
"I worked in a hospital where the presence of asbestos was proven," he says, "but in my case I can't prove it.
It's hard to remember all the places where he worked and when he worked there.
But he clearly remembers the day at the beginning of December 2009, when something like a winter fell on him.
He was 45, he was in the evening, and he was in the middle of the surgery.
Suddenly I shivered.
It came at once.
I was terrified.
I didn't think I'd drive home.
Because he was a doctor, he knew that the pain was coming from the throat, the ventricles around the lungs.
But, like Janice Allen, he had no reason to believe it was a mesothelioma.
He spent a month at home.
The confused doctors performed a chest X-ray and installed a chest catheter to remove the fluid from his lungs that they sent for examination.
No diagnosis, though.
His condition gradually improved and he returned to work.
From time to time, however, his symptoms returned, often after he had exercised and taken a breath.
In 2011, one of Abbott's patients came to the operating room with similar symptoms and was subsequently diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even then Abbott had nothing to do with his own case.
After all, his patient was several decades older and had direct contact with asbestos at work.
In this case, the connection was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott's condition deteriorated again, and his doctor consulted his CT and X-ray images with a panel of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott began to feel sick, a camera-equipped probe was installed in the space between his chest cavity and his lung cavity.
I'm optimistic.
I tend not to take much," she says.
To be honest, I didn't worry too much about it.
But Rachel, my wife, was worried.
The results of the biopsy arrived between Christmas and New Year: "They told me it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: diagnosed with mesothelioma
Abbott began meeting with the nurses of the Macmillan charity, and one counseled him to contact a lawyer.
At that moment he realized the extent of the epidemic.
"Asbestos has proven to be widely used, especially in large public buildings, which often have asbestos heat insulation in the pipeline," he says.
People exposed to asbestos in these buildings are now beginning to develop the disease.
The mesothelioma is therefore now beginning to affect younger people who do not have a risky profession.
The most dangerous asbestos-insulated pipes in hospitals were found in the basement, so it was unlikely that they would endanger patients.
However, staff members who walked through the underground corridors between buildings (like Andrew Lawson) or ate in the underground dining rooms (like Graham Abbott) were certainly in contact with the toxic substance.
As it now turns out, several decades after the war, hospitals were a place where patients could save lives, but also a place where the lives of the doctors who treated them could be endangered.
Asbestos is being removed to this day.
Guys built Bunsen's Khan on asbestos floors
And it's not just a hospital.
Asbestos was often used in offices, shops, libraries and boardrooms due to its excellent insulating and non-flammable properties.
Schools too.
In fact, many people were exposed to asbestos at school.
Somewhere in countless chemistry classes, students built Bunsen's cannon on an asbestos substrate.
There are websites dealing with the issue of asbestos in schools.
Dangerous things like floor tiles or tool shelter roofs in our homes usually contained asbestos.
"One is an industrial poison embedded in a large number of homes," notes Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson in his lawsuit against Guy's Hospital.
In one case, the only contact with asbestos a woman with mesothelioma could remember occurred in the 1970s when a garden house was burned.
So watch your garden house burn.
Knowing that the disease is incurable, the impact of diagnosis is enormous.
"It takes a while for this to happen," Graham Abbott says.
I went back to work and tried to keep going, but I found I couldn't focus on what I was doing.
I've been in the operating room for two weeks.
Then I realized I'd have to leave and deal with myself.
Well, I won't live another Christmas.
One of the hardest things was moving from a doctor's position to a patient's position.
Like countless patients before him, he remembers how confused he felt about the amount of information he had to deal with.
"It was hard to understand it all," she says.
"I asked my doctor, 'How much time do I have left?'
I was told it was twelve months.
I remember thinking, "Well, I won't live another Christmas.
That's it."
The mesothelioma is particularly destructive, because the very mechanism of what keeps us alive - the very breathing - is what causes the cancer that kills.
Most cases of mesothelioma are caused by exposure to asbestos.
Asbestos is made of tiny fibers.
When the asbestos is broken and the fibers breathe, they can settle in the throat, the ventricle.
Asbestos fibres irritate the red blood cells and may cause cell mutations.
"The problem is inhaled needle-shaped asbestos fibres," explains Professor Tom Treasure, a cardiosurgeon who joined Guy's Hospital in 2001.
To the same hospital where Andrew Lawson was apparently exposed to asbestos, and which is paradoxically the leading centre in the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure Lawson also knows and treated other patients who were likely exposed to asbestos during hospital practice.
Asbestos needles get into the lung tissue, Treasure says, and "their own breathing pushes them to the edge where the star is.
It is invasive in nature from the very beginning.
For mesothelioma, the usual treatment options used for other types of cancer are less effective.
For example, there is a heated debate about the effectiveness of the operation.
Some say it would be worth a try.
Treasure disagrees.
"You can't remove the scar," he says.
You won't get a scalpel around it.
Cancer “doesn’t correspond very much to chemotherapy”, which “has some effect” but doesn’t cure.
"Sometimes there is someone who survives lung cancer," Treasure says.
But in the end, everyone dies.
Fortunately, some patients live much longer than expected.
Author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after diagnosis.
Two and a half years after his own diagnosis, Graham Abbott is still fighting.
After discovering mesentery, Abbott contacted Andrew Lawson who, four years after his diagnosis, became an individual support and counselor for people with similar disabilities.
When they called, he said cheerfully, "Good morning, you've reached the cancer center."
"He was very positive," Abbott says.
He was diagnosed four years ago and was still very active.
At the beginning, Abbott was offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months, and probably only extend his life by a month.
"I was desperate," she says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, "has shown things in a more optimistic light."
After visiting several doctors, Abbott decided to continue his treatment with Professor Loic Lang-Lazduski of the Department of Chest Surgery at Guy's Hospital.
"I had the advantage that I didn't have to wait for them to send me to him, but I just called and they checked me out," Graham admits.
A normal patient would have to get a request and be approved for reimbursement.
In order for patients with mesothelioma to get the best available treatment, the question of money is crucial.
But when various treatments eventually inevitably fail, many patients face another financial worries—the future of the family they leave behind.
And that's why they're turning to courts and wanting compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"Asbestos has been known to be harmful to health since 1898," Morgan says.
In the 1960s, however, it was discovered that even a very small amount of it could pose a health risk.
And here we are faced with corporate negligence.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital eventually settled, but according to Morgan, it was not a "complete settlement" because Lawson could not conclusively prove that the mesothelioma was a result of exposure to asbestos at Guy's Hospital.
After the case was investigated, however, Guy's Hospital's spokesman confirmed that "asbestos in the alleged basement was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
Introducing lethal asbestos exposure to one company or workplace - usually decades after it occurred - has proved to be a huge problem for patients with mesothelioma seeking compensation.
Many former workplaces have changed owners or collapsed.
The insurance record is lost.
And those who are now defending the charges have time on their side, which their plaintiffs certainly don't.
In response to this fact, important new legislation has been approved this year, making it easier for patients with mesothelioma to seek compensation, even if their former employer cannot be supervised.
The law created a 350-million-dollar financial reserve to be paid for by insurance companies and is intended for people diagnosed after July 2012, who can prove that they have been exposed to asbestos but have no one to prosecute.
In such a case, the victims will receive 80% of the amount normally awarded to them by the court as compensation - around £120 000.
300 successful applications are expected each year.
Andrew Morgan, like patients with mesothelioma, thinks £350 million is a “good job.”
"It's an agreement signed by the insurance companies for the insurance companies," he says, pointing out that the sum is a quarter of what the insurance companies would have to pay if it hadn't taken time and people with mesothelioma were able to come back to the former employers and prosecute them in a normal way.
Even Mike Penning, a former Labour and Social Affairs Minister, admitted that the law “had gaps.”
But both Penning and Morgan admit that, given the seven deaths every year, quick action was needed.
“People are suffering too much and need help now,” Penning said last December during the second reading of the mesentery law.
Graham Abbott was under the care of Professor Loic Lang-Lazdunskih for 19 months.
After initial consultations, Lang-Lazdunski recommended the operation, which, unlike Tom Treasur, he thought had a positive effect.
The surgery was followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy - a triple treatment, in which Lang-Lazdunski can boast a survival rate of five years in up to 40% of patients.
Abbott made it stronger.
"That's not the most important thing, of course," Abbott says.
You see it in patients all the time.
There's something pulling you.
If you give up, your condition could deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott underwent surgery in March 2012.
At the end of August, he completed the last of six chemotherapy cycles.
Surveillance tests showed no signs of disease.
I went to another check in March [2014].
I had several spots of [cancer] in my chest.
It's my fifty-first birthday.
It's not a life threat.
It's taking him.
Abbott underwent six cycles of chemotherapy again.
Currently, there are no signs of cancer in his body.
But it is a physically and emotionally exhausting process.
You have to think about practical things-- financial security when I die, or showing a woman how the boiler alarm works.
When you get bad news, you start to be negative.
You have to look ahead.
Like for fathers Ellie (16) and Tamsin (14), it's not always easy.
"It's hard for parents," she says.
It's hard to decide what to say and how much to say.
After the diagnosis, I told the girls that my condition meant I would never be old.
Their reactions were different.
Tamsin is very social and wild.
She told her friends and suddenly a lot of people started calling us.
Ellie was more restrained.
She didn't say much.
All cancer patients have to face such conversations.
In patients with mesothelioma, however, such conversations are not delayed by hope or mere signs of survival.
The illness brought (and eventually brought Stephen Jay Gould) unpleasant certainty.
As Andrew Morgan says, "the mesothelioma does not threaten life."
The bodies of the wrapped Pharaohs are packed into an asbestos cloth.
Asbestos fibres are used to strengthen cooking pots and increase heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
A non-flammable fabric was invented.
I've seen napkins made of it that glow in pubs
In Italy, asbestos is beginning to appear in commercial use, it is used for the production of paper (banknote finishing) and fabrics.
Large asbestos mines are opening in Canada and South Africa, and soon afterwards in America, Italy and Russia.
During the Industrial Revolution, it was an excellent insulating agent in steam engines and turbines.
World asbestos production is increasing to more than 30 000 tonnes per year.
Prudential's statistics show that people working with asbestos have higher mortality rates and are subsequently denied life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw is dying in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke confirms that asbestos particles in her lungs "were undoubtedly the cause of her death."
This is the first case of this kind.
Kershaw's employees, Turner Bros Asbestos, refuse liability.
He won't pay any compensation.
During World War II, ships were built intensively, and shipyard work represented the highest risk of exposure to asbestos.
A ban on blue asbestos imports
The Court of Appeal confirms the first successful claim for injury to health resulting from exposure to asbestos in Britain.
World asbestos production is increasing to more than 4 213 000 tonnes per year.
The United Kingdom imports 139 000 tonnes.
The British Institute of Health and Safety requires that all asbestos suppliers be licensed.
Imports and use of blue and brown asbestos are prohibited by law in Britain.
The use of all types of asbestos is prohibited in Britain.
In the United Kingdom, the law on mezotelioma enters into force.
A compensation programme of 350 million is being launched.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but in many parts of the world white asbestos is still used as a cheap building material.
World production is maintained at two million tonnes per year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong power to choose leadership - demonstrators promise revenge
Despite mounting discussions about democratic reform on Sunday, the Chinese parliament decided not to allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the 2017 elections.
It is likely that this move will trigger long-awaited protests in Hong Kong's shopping district, as activists have only begun to organize and gather hours after the announcement.
The Chinese People's Congress basically allows communist leaders to remove any candidate who is not loyal to Beijing.
"It didn't surprise us at all, but it angered us," said legislator Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
That's not what Beijing promised.
People in Hong Kong lied.
And it's clear that we have to do with an authoritarian regime.
In defense of the Chinese decision, Deputy Secretary-General of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress Li Fei said that allowing public nomination in Hong Kong’s leadership elections would cause “chaos.”
Since 1997, when Britain returned Hong Kong to China, Beijing has promised that, starting in 2017, citizens will be able to vote for executive power.
The Chinese leaders presented Sunday's decision as a democratic breakthrough, because Hong Kong is allowed to vote directly, but the decision also clearly shows that the Chinese leaders are firmly in the hands of the committee nomination process, which is strictly controlled by Beijing.
And under the new clause, only candidates who “love the country and Hong Kong” will be eligible.
The decision came after the summer months that marked one of the largest and most followed protests in Hong Kong in several years.
Behind most pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong lies the Center for Love and Peace Purchase movement, whose organisers have threatened to close the financial district unless Beijing grants them universal voting rights.
On Sunday evening, just hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters of the Purchase movement gathered in the rain in front of the Hong Kong government headquarters.
At the demonstration, the organisers announced that their movement was entering a new phase of civil disobedience and that they would start waves of protests in the coming weeks.
However, they did not provide any further details, apparently seeking to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online statement, the organizers said the movement "has only regarded the occupation of the Centre as a last step in the event that all possibilities for dialogue are exhausted and there is no other choice.
It is regrettable to note that today all the possibilities for dialogue have been exhausted and the occupation of the Centre is inevitable.
The Hong Kong authorities had been preparing for Beijing's announcement for days, and on Sundays they reinforced the protection of the government's headquarters and deployed police and barricades.
Influenced by the unrest, many inhabitants of Hong Kong feel that they are slowly losing control of the city.
The influx of people from the mainland increases competition in products and services.
There are also growing concerns that values such as democracy and freedom of speech are being circumvented by increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some people criticise the Centre Purchase movement and say their demonstrations threaten the Hong Kong rescue boat business.
"The protest he's talking about could cause much greater economic damage depending on how many people take part and for how long," says Regina Ip, a politician who has long criticized the movement.
We do not want fears to grow that Hong Kong is getting out of control.
Such a perception could harm investment.
Chinese state media have also come in recent days with reports depicting the democratic activists in Hong Kong as subversive agents ruled by the West.
In the summer, activists organised an informal referendum on voting rights, attended by 780 000 people - more than a fifth of Hong Kong voters.
And in July, tens of thousands of people took part in one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
Election agitation?
League in Jihlava bears name by political movement
Around 1,600 amateur athletes play small kicks in the local town of Vysočina.
And their highest competition is the newly named Joint for Jihlava League.
It was named after a movement that was running for the October municipal elections.
In addition, ten of his candidates are the head of the small-scale hunter-gatherer in Jihlava Jan Mráka.
"There was a mass where there was no problem," said Mrak.
The situation around the first league of small kickers has already been dealt with by the lawyers of the South Slavic Council and recommended to change the system of distribution of subsidies.
According to the city's website, the small quarry earned around a million crowns last year.
This year, too, it's in the hundreds of thousands.
According to the legal view, the small-scale procedure is not contrary to the law or the directives of the magistrate’s office.
However, the situation is an impetus for the Office to adjust the rules for granting grants and subsidies," said Radek Tulis, spokesman for the Magistrate's Office.
Taking subsidies from the city and at the same time expressing it as a little bit of support in the elections of one political party, I don't think it will be possible anymore.
A similar request from politicians has not yet come to the high-level "big" football.
That there should be a local election of the DSS, the ODS division or the KDU-ČSL 1.
And class and similar competitions?
I wouldn't be for.
On the contrary, I would like to see sponsors from companies turn to us," said Miroslav Vrzáček, president of the regional football association.
The head of the small football of the other party and movement does not let the name of the league
According to the players of the small kicks, this sport in Jihlava deserves its own area with six courts, dressing rooms and social facilities.
"For example, the Na Stoupách playground is not ours, we're renting it," said Ondřej Lapeš of Starlet Jihlava.
The most suitable location would be the Czech mill.
But there will be, for example, in my opinion, a nonsensical area for skaters, of which there are about fifty in Jihlava," Mráka pointed out.
The mayor of Jihlava Jaroslav Vymazal (ODS) responded that the small quarry uses a playground with artificial grass in the streets of Rošický and Na Stoupách, which are owned by the city.
We want to build a playground that can be used to the full.
We are going to modernise or build sports grounds at schools, which will be accessible in the afternoon.
I think there's been tremendous progress in the last few years for a small kick," Vymazal added.
Other political parties in league names will not appear, according to Jan Mráky.
We have restrictions.
If one of the sectors joins our partnership, we don't give the other one," he explained.
"Political movement in the name of the league, I think it is at least an unfortunate step," said a member of the council committee for sport Karel Voldán.
"But let the voters decide whether Mr. Mráka is using the Little Rocked Jihlava Society and the city's subsidies for political purposes or not," he added.
American tradition enters university life - freshmen can fly a jet
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand by launching the first luxury travel service for students in Britain.
In order to leave the best impression on arrival at the university, the company also offers transport options including a private jet or Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1 cars.
Stewart also stated that the service had its own security side.
Service is an ideal option for students who would otherwise have to drag their things across the country in a dangerously loaded car.
With our VIF (very important fresher) variants this year, we are looking forward to ensuring that students arrive at the university with the minimum of nervousness and maximum luxury.
The spokesmen said that since the service has just started, they have no reservations yet, but added: "Students will start making reservations in the next few weeks."
The company also stated that although students pay an annual tuition fee of £9,000, it expects the service to find its place in the market.
Compared to students ten, twenty, thirty or forty years ago, today's students are different in terms of expectations and wishes - it is more important than ever to make the right first impression and VIF is exactly the right way to do that.
The National Union of Students, however, criticized the service as unreachable.
Megan Dunn, Vice President of the Union for higher education, said: "For most students, such a project is unreachable.
Many students entering university this month must cope with the financial crisis before throwing out thousands of pounds for something as simple as getting to college, because the financial support available in the form of loans and grants cannot keep up with the rising cost of basic needs.
Feminists protest racism and police behaviour after Ferguson events
At the beginning of the month, he killed an unarmed young man in Ferguson, Missouri.
Those present waiting for the funeral with their hands up shouting, "Hands up, don't shoot!"
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri over the shooting of an unarmed young man, Michael Brown, blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a shift in online discussions of white feminists.
It found that when it comes to promoting reproductive rights and income equality, white feminists prefer gender over race.
With rising tensions in the Midwest, which attracted the attention of the national press, Perez noticed that the white reaction was 100% focused on race.
Compared to the reactions of blacks soon after the 9 August shootings, personal articles with headlines such as "A white woman's thought of Ferguson" or "Feminism is not just about oppression of women" appeared relatively late.
According to Perez, however, this represents an important change.
"I don't think there are many people in the feminist movement who would talk about race and privilege at this level," she said.
People felt that what had happened had to be expressed.
This is characteristic of the crisis that we are facing, because [the situation in Ferguson] is so racial-based that they had to draw attention to it.
According to Korithy Mitchell, an English professor at Ohio State University, Ferguson has brought to light problems that African-American women face every day and that are not perceived as “female issues” in the cultural sphere.
“I can publish funny stories from my partner’s life on Facebook and get 150 licks from people around the world,” Mitchell said.
When I write something about the colored being trapped in their own country, it's deafening silence.
"How is it possible that a woman can talk publicly about relationships but not about security in public?" she asked.
For blacks like Mitchell, who have addressed the issue of race, gender, and sexuality in American history, there is no dichotomy between race and gender issues.
Black women, she said, could not afford luxury to clearly divide these problems: they live in this mixed reality every day.
Although whites today combine the question of race and gender in mainstream feminist circles, Angela Hattery, a professor of women's issues and gender studies at George Mason University, says their predecessors did the opposite.
Between 1865 and 1890, at least 10,000 blacks were lynched, and the reason was almost in all cases the rape of a white woman," Hattery said.
To justify lynching, you needed the cooperation of the whites.
According to Hattery, the rift between whites and blacks came when campaigners like Susan B. Anthony examined the field at the end of the 19th century and realized that only one group of people could have the right to vote—women or blacks.
"They decided to bet on women's right to vote and blacks' right to focus later," Hattery explained.
If we realize this, we'll have an important insight into why women of color don't trust whites.
We haven't done a good job.
We've never helped black men protect their husbands and children.
Even after women gained the right to vote in 1920, it took them ten years to organize against lynching in the Association of Southern Women for the Prevention of lynching.
The group was formed 40 years after the blacks first asked for help.
According to Mitchell, the repulsive reactions of white feminists to the issues brought about by Ferguson – the question of police behaviour, racial discrimination – reflects a time when white feminists had to “focus” on the issues faced by blacks across generations.
“Wouldn’t it be great if activists in these spaces [traditional feminism] took the right to raise a child as seriously as they took the right to contraception?” Mitchell asked.
The second wave of feminists who have made a career of fighting for reproductive rights and access to contraception are now finding out what that means.
Significant feminist activists like Gloria Steinem took two weeks after Michael Brown's shooting with a Facebook attack, releasing a column by Rebeccy Carroll of the Guardian calling for white Americans to protest racism more vigorously.
"I hope that women who have different but similar reasons to understand the dangers in society - and opinions on race that differ significantly in public opinion surveys - will strive for change," Steinemová wrote.
Although Steinem advocates cross-sectional feminism, which encompasses race and gender issues, her comments on race issues in America make some people blind.
Christina Sommers, a professor at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who Stole feminism?", told She The People that young men in the United States, especially young men of color, are "much more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinem's remarks on Ferguson face criticism she had raised earlier.
We now have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost none for boys.
But when the White House launched My Brother's Keeper, a small program to help vulnerable young blacks and Spaniards, it provoked outrage among many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The relationship of the police to the black community is not the only problem that is gaining prominence in mainstream feminism.
After the US border police detained nearly 63,000 unaccompanied youth in the southwest of the country this year, the question of reforming immigration laws has once again arisen - this time as a woman's question.
Andrea Mercadova, co-chairwoman of We Belong Together, a women's organization for the reform of immigration laws, said that in order to raise the issue as necessary for women, all she had to do was share the stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," Mercadova says.
Since most work permits are granted to men, the women who come with them find themselves vulnerable to domestic violence and abuse.
"These stories are heard in women's organizations," she said.
Houses for sale in Ipswich
The real estate office removed a picture of a house for sale in Suffolk—when it was released, a pig was resting in the living room.
A one-room private house for sale for £120,000 is on a private road in Ipswich.
Information photographs included a picture of the living room where he rests with his head on the pig sofa.
Connells real estate agency stated that the pig in the photo is the owner's pet.
"The photo was mistaken, and that's why it was removed," said the office spokesman.
In the real estate information, Connells described the former prayer house as a "single, separate one-room house."
Although the office has already removed the photo from its website, it still appears in promotional materials.
The sale of the house sparked interest on social networks, where some asked whether the pig was included in the price.
After winning the lottery, the city of Harvey in the southwest has a fresh millionaire
A Harvey lottery player wins a million.
In search of a new millionaire in southeastern Perth, a lucky man from Saturday's lottery drives home $1.1 million.
For the second time in five years, the Harvey traffic division had a win of $1 million in November 2009.
But the honest winner has to sign up.
The store's owner Steve Forward said the whole town in the southwest of Perth is talking about the win.
It's the main topic and everybody's upset.
We thought a similar victory was a touching one.
Eight winners in Western Australia shared one win last month, ending several happy weeks.
Last weekend, the player at Canning Vale became one of five August millionaires and just a few weeks earlier, a couple in Belmont won an incredible $7.5 million.
The winning couple had been betting for 20 years and said the win would allow them to process the world and buy a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th only winner of the lottery in Western Australia this year, winning a total of $85 million.
The Deutsche Bahn trains are not leaving tonight.
Engineers want higher wages
In a press release, the GDL marked the protest as a warning strike for which it had deliberately chosen time outside the traffic jam.
At the chosen time of the strike, the GDL takes into account many people who return from the weekend on the railway until the first working day.
At the same time, we also think about people coming to work during the day," the trade union said in a press statement on Monday morning.
"Our first strike should primarily affect freight transport, less passengers," GDL added.
The DB has not yet published the official response to the strike.
It is not even clear how the protest action will affect international rail links, including the Czech Republic.
The trade unions are demanding a five per cent increase in the wages of engineers and a two-hour weekly reduction in working hours.
Currently, the average salary of mechanics varies depending on the years worked between ECU 36 000 and ECU 46 000 (CZK 998 000 and CZK 1.27 million) per year.
DB's engineers work 39 hours a week.
DB refuses to increase wages by reducing working hours.
They point out that the remuneration of drivers must be developed in the same way as for other railway personnel for whom DB does not count the work week shortening.
Crest's car was in danger of burning.
That's why the Barum rally ended
What exactly happened?
It was a material defect.
The car was brand new, so I hadn't even thought of anything like that happening.
Couldn't the exhaust be repaired provisionally and continued at a slower pace to service where the mechanics would replace it?
If we were headed straight there, yes.
But there were two more erects waiting for us, and it didn't work.
There's a high temperature in it, and the risk of the car starting to burn was high.
I can't afford that.
You've completed five speed tests at full speed.
What was your impression of them?
Very good.
I felt like a fool.
We were quick, but I didn't get over the guilt.
Everything was due to the fact that we've been pushing the car for more than half a year to get it to some level.
The race showed that we did it.
You broke it so that you could really think about winning.
I prepared myself and the car in such a way that we really had a chance to win.
The work didn't go too far.
On the other hand, the result we could have imagined did not come.
But that's Barumka.
Unfortunately, the tech said no.
You weren't the only one at the top who prematurely retired from the battle for primacy.
The foreign favourites Breen, Abbring, and Lappi also fell out of it.
Are you surprised that so many favorites have resigned?
Oh, yes.
Especially for the spectators it was a pity because the race ended prematurely.
Jaromír Tarabus, to whom you are preparing a car, has also been on the spike for a long time.
But he paid for getting off the track and taking a nearly two-minute break.
How satisfied were you with his performance?
It's a pity, because he could have repeated the levels of victory.
After all, he went first and second.
But Mira also confirmed that we had set the car up well.
He drove very fast.
Just a year ago you announced the end of your career, yet you appeared at the start of the Barum rally.
Can a good feeling of riding make you a regular rally participant again?
Certainly not right now.
I said last year that Barumka was my last race, and I still didn't.
I've decided to go back to her.
It was my ninteenth start here, and if there's another chance in a year, I'm probably going to do it.
But I'm not thinking about anything else.
A lot of people came to the track just because of you.
Did it please you?
To a certain extent, it was because of them that we started.
A lot of people, known or unknown, kept asking if I would go.
I wanted to make them happy.
What's waiting for you after Baruch?
The team continues.
Next week we'll go to Vyškov, where Robert Adolf will compete.
I hope the car didn't do too much damage here.
Furthermore, he wants to borrow from us Honza Sýkora's hobby for this race.
Miro and I are waiting for the European doubles in Switzerland and Corsica.
That's what we're gonna have to do next year.
Can you suggest anything?
No, nothing's decided.
When the Corsica rally was part of the World Championships, you reached your peak in the series by finishing fifth.
Doesn't he want you to try that track again?
He doesn't.
Formal agreement with employer can be a problem
Unfortunately, you did not get a work disability certificate from your doctor, which serves as proof to the organization that you cannot perform your work duties for health reasons.
Moreover, you did not immediately notify the employer of the absentee.
Subsequently, although it was agreed that the days in question would be recorded as holidays, the agreement was only oral.
Although the Labour Code does not impose an obligation to have the employer’s consent to take leave confirmed in writing, this procedure has proved to be good in practice.
If there is only an oral agreement, you do not have a confirmation agreement.
Later, the alleged consent to take leave, as in your case, may be denied and the absence at work is considered to be a long-term unconditional absence, thus a reason for immediate termination of employment under § 53 of the Labour Code.
In the event of a legal dispute concerning an agreement with your employer, you will thus lack proof.
However, the employment relationship with you has not been cancelled pursuant to § 53, only you have the dates listed in the balance sheet as an unavoidable absence.
The unauthorised absence in the scoreboard does not have the same consequences as Paragraph 53 (e.g. inability to receive material security in unemployment), yet it makes it difficult to find a new job.
We recommend that you visit your doctor again and confirm in writing that you actually had an injury that made you unable to work (this is not a "incapacity", it is just a doctor's document).
If you are looking for a new job, you can submit the document and explain the situation.
In practice, it is appropriate not to underestimate both the submission of a written medical certificate of incapacity for work, the prompt notification to the employer or the request for written consent to take leave.
You avoid any complications.
Tony Stewart's accident returning to the track
The return to the track ended for Tony Stewart just halfway through the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the ring for the second time after his right front tire broke in the 172nd lap, and the race ended for him.
Stewart brought the damaged car to the garage, did not speak to the reporters, and left.
The head of his team, Chad Johnston, said Car 14 was disappointed, but will now focus on the race in Richmond, Virginia, which will take place next weekend.
"I'd like us to have a better performance and a better conclusion," Johnston said.
We're going to Richmond, and we're hoping to do better there.
Stewart crashed into play for the first time in Sunday's evening race after a collision with Kyle Busch, requiring repairs to the right side of his car.
"We put hope in today's race for a good finish," Johnston said, adding, "It just didn't work out."
Shortly after the second crash Stewart's car was loaded and the team packed and ready to depart.
After his car hit and killed another driver at a race in New York, Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup races.
He decided to return this weekend and needed to win either the race in Atlanta or the following race in Richmond to win a place in the table.
He returned to the race during the investigation of the tragic accident in which twenty-year-old Kevin Ward Jr. died, who drove Stewart into the road during the race.
The authorities said it would take at least another two weeks to investigate the cause of the accident.
It has not yet been decided whether Stewart will face any charges.
The triple champion was warmly encouraged before the race.
Stewart started in 12th place, at the beginning of the race he worked out in 10th and then even in 4th.
Then, at the beginning of the 122nd lap, Busch's car No.
18 got out of control, came out of the second turn and hit Stewart, sending both cars to the boundary.
Stewart continued, but dropped to 21st place.
Prague selected new taxi station manager, earns 12.3 million
Prague has completed the selection procedure for the new manager of taxi stations.
For 103 parking spaces, it receives around CZK 12.3 million annually.
Until recently, it had collected CZK 150,000 per year for the same taxi drivers' seats.
Council member Lukáš Manhart (TOP 09).
In the past, the city used lottery when selecting administrators.
The winner then obtained a rent for a flat amount of 1,000 CZK per year.
But the rules have changed.
Currently it decides the price of the offer.
"Since the termination of the original leases and the opening of the tenders, it has been shown that the new system of leases is far more advantageous and generally fairer for Prague," says the councillor.
The most expensive fleck is Na Perštýna
The highest price was offered by the applicants for a settlement in the street Na Perštýna.
He will pay CZK 2.1 million a year.
Approximately 1.5 million CZK were paid by the new administrators for places in front of the Municipal House or on Wenceslas Square.
The new rules on the rental of taxi cabs were adopted by the council in the autumn of 2012 and the original rental contracts were terminated in the summer of last year.
The selection procedure was conducted in four waves and 29 sites were found by the new administrator.
We had to clean the well for the second time this year.
We let it go all the time, creating practically a second fishing hole around the cottage.
Then we poured Savo.
Unbelievable smell!
Our well in the basement always provided plenty of beautiful scented water.
And it wasn't professional in any way, my grandfather wiped it out by himself.
A long time ago.
She was only three-quarters of the size and, overall, unique, like everything else in the chateau, but as I say.
The water was great.
Until the plane.
When we started the season, of course, we ran out of water.
When she stood there for months, she deserved it.
But even then, it seemed to us that the water wasn't smelling.
We wondered if there was anything down there.
In the place where the pump was running, it was possible with a bit of bad luck, the board was not quite touching, so the hole was tightened with a piece of brick.
Our inspection confirmed that he was moving in a strange way.
Otherwise, there was nothing to see in the water, and we lit it up to the bottom.
So we released her again and re-read her.
Of course, we've improved the improvised seal around the pump pipe.
But we noticed strange things in the basement.
There was a glued package with some bones lying on the ground.
At least that's what it looked like.
And a bit further.
Now it looked like a sick mouse.
Behind the ceiling, where there are holes, grandfather's invention, were the remains of fish!
And it's heavy!
Our basement's a bit of a mess too.
Someone would say Grandpa just undermined the cottage.
And he wouldn't be that far from the truth.
The walls and floors are only crushed sand, only the ceiling is crushed.
It's mainly used for ships.
And wheels.
And sunbeds for the beach.
The door with its wide holes was mostly open, as someone walked in one piece.
Several of the above-mentioned vents at the ceiling.
No net, so normally birds fly in and nest on the grass.
There's no need to mention mice.
Grandpa wanted it to blow, and that's it again.
Now the air didn't help either.
The whole basement smelled.
So we cleaned up the whole basement.
Especially the fish on the grass was nutritious!
We threw away the things around: boards, acrylic boards, and so on.
Our cottage at a distance welcomed the passing disinfectant.
We wondered, who could have stretched out those disgusting remnants?
The nearest cat lives two kilometers from here in the village.
It's hard for her to come to our wedding.
My grandfather was attacked by a neighbor who wasn't all right.
If he didn't blow the Franta shit out of our mouths?
He's been here practically all year, he's got stupid ideas.
We decided to watch the basement and the well and check it regularly.
After a few days everything was fine.
We started using the water again, just for washing and washing before the tests were finished, but it was good.
Pulling water from a forest well isn't something I want to do for a long time.
One day, we heard our girlfriend's terrifying, anxious cries.
Mom looked out of the balcony and saw a long, strong black hose in the grass next to the veranda.
Reza jumped over her and whistled like a madman.
My mom bought her out because she thought Reza had thrown the trashcan out of the sink.
But all of a sudden, the hose partly slammed into the club and partly straightened.
There was a hiss on the balcony.
Reza had a hysterical seizure.
We ran down.
She was about to swallow a giant ox, and Reza was holding her back.
It wasn't clear if she wanted to save the oil or if she wanted to eat it herself, but that was irrelevant.
When she saw the surplus in the form of our whole family, she probably thought we should eat it when we were so flat, and she dragged herself elegantly through the basement.
We flew after her.
She jumped over the well like a lightning.
By the way, we noticed another smelling package on her board.
I think it smells like a fish.
She wasn't there before!
Our new security around the pump was a little rusty.
And we closed the basement all day long.
That he'd...
We went out and each of us slipped into a hole.
We didn't wait long.
It's awkward behind the stud.
At first there was a flat head with yellow balls on the neck.
Then a whole pile of coals fell onto the well.
She wandered around the pump and began to get inside.
The laid-off employee took revenge, bought notebooks and sold them to the company
A condemned employee bought computers at the company and then sold them.
He was able to spend his money before he was arrested by the police.
In a short period of time, the man purchased in twelve cases a total of sixteen computers for more than two hundred thousand crowns.
"He took the notebooks to Olomouc after the takeover, where he sold them in the bazaars," said Rostislav Brückner, the Chief Commissioner of the šumper police.
The motive for the fraud was a bribe from the employer for the dismissal and also for the profit of money.
"He told us during the interrogation that he used the money to repay the loans," Brückner said.
The police also found that the fraudster is a pathological player who has repeatedly undergone psychiatric treatment.
The money could also end up in winning machines or video lottery terminals.
"The fact is, we didn't find any money from him," the Commissioner said.
The scammer, who has already been convicted of theft, now faces a prison term of one to five years.
For the time being, the police have not said whether there is a threat of punishment for the bazaars that purchased and continued to sell laptops at low prices.
"It is true that they picked up brand new goods, which is at least suspicious," the Commissioner said.
However, none of the market owners have yet been charged.
Come on, a little bit more, you can handle it or how I enjoyed We Run Prague
This year, the organizers have prepared a few changes for us.
The biggest was the change of route that brought the target to the raft instead of returning to the Yellow Baths.
I was looking forward to the race together with the rest of Rungo.cz team, but I was going to experience it a bit from the other side.
With the whole team we decided to greet our readers personally at the booth where we took photos together and made videos.
In order to reach perfection from the other side, I took the role of a personal guide.
Together with my friend Katie, we obeyedly placed ourselves at the end of the corridor 60 to 70 minutes before the start.
We greeted friends who were passing us through the faster runner sector.
There was not much time left.
A few jumps on the heater, turn on the sporttesters, countdown and start!
There were screams of indignation, but instead of a quick start there was a clap to the starting line.
After five minutes, we come to the gate, turn the measurements off, and we're running at 10 o'clock.
We fly through the yellow snake of runners who, like Cat, run their first race.
In the meantime, all look fresh, the slowly falling sun in the sky gives the view of Vyšehrad almost a screaming breath.
The pulsing meat stretching along the coast looks like the whole of Prague is running here.
On the shoreline between Vyšehrad and the National Theatre, it traditionally begins to show who has how many powers.
The light footprint on Palacký square makes many runners slow down or walk.
Just before I cross into the theatre, I see a police escort, and right behind him, Victory pavilion is flying at an incredible speed to its destination.
I hear the other runners screeching admiringly.
I move to the edge of the track, I encourage him, he's about to plough with me, but right before that my leg gets twisted and our hands are just falling apart.
Running the Theatre Street gives a chance for a short rest and breathing.
There are places in front of us that blow my eyes out.
The turn on the Maines Bridge shows Prague in all the beauty of the sunset.
I can't breathe and my legs carry me almost by themselves.
The first refreshment is the moment of truth.
At the crossing of the road, Katya scrambles over the curb and performs a swim.
I'm watching if she doesn't need help, and I'll spare her a series of encouraging words so she doesn't have time to think about pain.
It rises and we continue along the Kozí street, it is one of the hardest places on the track, at this stage of the race there is no longer such a surge, however, it is necessary to follow the surroundings well.
I don't yet know if the notion of the hardest place will get its true meaning later.
The tourists and friends of the other runners encourage us frenetically behind the Prague Gate.
I try to applaud everyone who offers a hand, and I recommend it to Cat, because ten applauses with fans is like half an energy bar.
It's actually working, we're speeding up again, and even though we've fallen quite significantly, now the fight has begun.
We're running dozens of runners, and when I'm passing someone who's particularly tired, I try to encourage him with a few words: "Come on, a little bit more, you'll do it!"
There's nobody left behind for the last refreshment, we're speeding up.
So far we've run for an hour and a quarter, we add, there's nothing to wait for.
Three kilometers to the finish line will hurt, but you really need to shake.
The sun had already fallen slowly, and the day ending symbolically slowly ended the race.
Last run to the bridge, turn, and just straight to the finish line.
The speed at which we're running amazes me, where does that girl go?
"Come on, we're going under thirteen, we're making money!" I call.
We're trying, we're sprinting, and here's the target.
Thirteen and six seconds.
Well, what can be done.
The coach set a limit of twenty.
So, seven minutes below schedule.
Which is a great result.
Right behind the target, Cat's legs are flattened, I'm helping her to the fence where she can rest for a while.
It shows exhaustion, but also happiness from well-executed performance.
After a while, I slowly take her out of the target space.
Euphoria doesn't make us think of a button on the way to the dressing room.
Here you can see that Goat Street wasn't the hardest place.
That's where the target of the flooding is, which has been forced to crash by almost ten thousand runners.
If someone doesn't like crowds, it's not a place for him.
I, too, am losing my head after a while and wondering if the beautiful views and the more interesting route compared to previous years were worth what was happening in the target.
I know from my own experience that running a race is no fun.
If ten thousand people are added, a rich accompanying program and the closure of the whole Prague centre for all transportation is a huge challenge.
This year's change of route showed the runners many interesting places, but also brought some really unpleasant surprises.
The excellent atmosphere pumped in the Yellow Spas was transferred between runners and in the race itself.
The organizers around the track and random viewers graded it on each meter of the track.
Unfortunately, obstacles cannot be removed when running in the city centre, but I do not consider the objective of a mass race in a place bordered on one side by a wall and on the other by a river to be the best solution.
If I say the race ended with a finish, I consider him very successful.
I was a little worried about the health of the participants, but in the end everything went well.
Write to us in the discussion, if you liked the route and what you say about the situation in the destination.
Prison guards organise protests in Bulgaria
Hundreds of prison staff throughout Bulgaria took part in a nationwide protest rally in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital Sofia.
At the peaceful demonstration, they reiterated their demand for the reintroduction of the original working conditions, which have recently changed.
There are also higher salaries on the list of requirements to be discussed with the Provisional Minister of Justice Hristo Ivanov.
The guards symbolically protested the new working hours for a month and demanded a return to the original twenty-four-hour shifts.
Although the prison supervisors' unions and representatives of the Ministry of Justice met, they did not reach an agreement, the Bulgarian State Radio (BNR) reported.
“The hunting is still going on,” said Rosen Zhelyazkov, head of the General Directorate of Prison Service, BNR.
Members of the Federation of Employee Trade Unions at the Ministry of the Interior are also expected to join the protests of prison staff.
Why can the universe have more dimensions and we don't see them
Physicists don't usually write best-selling books, but Brian Green of Columbia University made a black hit in 1999.
His book The Elegant Universe has become the most accessible way for the lay to get to grips with the complexity of the problems that a number of theoretical physicists deal with today - an attempt to unify two well-functioning but mutually incompatible discoveries of the 20th century: quantum theory and general relativity theory.
One of the reasons for the success of the Elegant Universe is undoubtedly that in the case of searching for a unified physics theory it is not a boring story.
The fundamental physics problem between the two key theories (although at the moment our universe is de facto divided into two worlds with different laws) has been solved and solved so imaginatively that it is worth retelling to the secularists.
Moreover, Greene handled the complicated material so freshly and compellingly that it was impossible to account for how much he had not included in his book.
Moreover, his "deficiency" was largely corrected in two other books: Structure of the Universe and Hidden Reality.
Obviously, neither the author would object to his book becoming obsolete faster, but the fact is that even after 15 years the Elegant Universe still provides almost everything essential that an informed secularist with ambition to understand the world should know about this important part of theoretical physics.
It is quite likely that in the coming years there will be a little more life in this area (e.g. because the LHC accelerator will finally go to "full gas"), and so it is a good time to enter Green's fiercely open door to the world of modern physics.
How many dimensions can our universe have?
The idea that our universe may have more than three dimensions of space may sound foolish, fantastic, strange, or mystical.
However, it is concrete and fully acceptable.
To understand this, let's turn our eyes away from the universe as a whole for a moment to something more underground, namely a long and thin garden hose for watering.
Imagine pulling a hundred-metre garden hose from one side of the canyon to the other and watching the whole scenery from half a kilometer away (as shown in the picture and on the next page).
From such a distance, you can easily see a long horizontally stretched hose, but if you do not suffer from sharpness, the thickness of the hose is difficult to recognize.
Given its large distance from the hose, you might think that an ant trained to live on a hose has only one dimension in which to walk: the left-right dimension along the hose.
When someone asks you where the ants were at the time, you will only give them one information: the distance of the ants from the left (or right) end of the hose.
All we're saying is, from a mile away, a long piece of hose looks like a one-dimensional object.
In the real world, the hose is thick.
If we zoom in, we suddenly see a second dimension - in the shape of a circle opening a hose.
In such an enlarged view, it is obvious that the ants can in fact move in two independent dimensions: in the already well-known left-right dimension along the length of the hose, but also in "the dimension in/against the direction of movement of the clock handles", i.e. around the circular diameter of the hose.
You're beginning to understand that to determine the position of a small ant, you have to enter two numbers: how far is it from the end of the hose and where is the hose opening on the circle.
This reflects the fact that the surface of the hose is two-dimensional (see Experts note that this chapter focuses purely on the fault theory of strings.
Non-compromising aspects are discussed in Chapters 12 and 13.)
The surface of the hose is two-dimensional: one long longitudinal dimension is represented by a straight arrow, the dimension in the direction of the circumference, marked by a circular arrow, is short and leady.
There is, however, a clear difference between these two dimensions.
The width along the hose is long and easily visible.
The diameter of the opening circuit of the hose is short, "shaped" and worse noticeable.
In order to understand the existence of the circular dimension, we had to test the hose with a much better resolution.
This example illustrates an important property of spatial dimensions.
That they're divided into two groups.
They may be large, wide, and therefore directly visible, or, on the contrary, small, dirty, and much worse observable.
Of course, in that case, we didn't really work hard to reveal the "developed" dimension of the thickness of the hose.
Just take a telescope to help.
But if the hose were thinner—like a hair or a capillary—we would only discover the filthy dimension with great effort.
Kaluza sent Einstein an article in 1919 in which he argued with the stunning idea that the spatial geometry of the universe could have more than the three dimensions that we all know.
Kaluza justified his radical assertions by providing an elegant and convincing framework in which Einstein's general relativity and Maxwell's electromagnetic theory could be integrated into a single, unified conceptual structure.
The question immediately arises as to how Kaluza's observation fits together with the obvious fact that we see three dimensions of space.
The answer which Kaluza quietly assumed between the lines and which was clearly expressed and specified by the Swedish mathematician Oskar Klein in 1926, stands and falls with the assertion that the spatial geometry of our universe can have both large and dirty dimensions.
This means that, like the dimensions of the length of the hose, our universe also has three large, wide-ranging and easily visible dimensions whose existence we are aware of at every moment.
But, analogously to the circular circumference of a garden hose, the universe may have additional dimensions, firmly plunged into space so small that they have hitherto remained hidden even before our best experimental apparatus.
To get a clearer idea of Kaluza's remarkable proposal, let's stay with the hose for a moment.
Imagine that we draw a relatively dense number of circles in black on the circumference of the hose.
From a distance, the hose still looks like a thin one-dimensional line.
With the telescope, now, thanks to the drawing, we can reveal the dumb dimension even more easily, because we will see the motif in Figure 2.
We can clearly see that the surface of the hose is two-dimensional, with one large and almost unlimited dimension and the other short and circular.
Kaluza and Klein came up with the idea that our universe had a similar structure, but apart from one small circular dimension, it had three large spatial dimensions, so four spatial dimensions together.
It is difficult to draw an object with too many dimensions.
To help your imagination a little, see the illustration in Figure 3; it shows two large dimensions and one small circular dimension.
In the picture, we zoom in on the geometry of the space just like we zoomed in on the surface of the hose.
Each subsequent level represents a huge expansion of the geometry of the space from the previous level.
Our universe may have additional dimensions (we see them on the fourth level of enlargement) if they are hollow enough in space; this explains that we have not yet directly observed them.
The square network represents the commonly known "large" dimension, while the circle represents a new, small and hollow dimension.
Just like thread loops in a densely carved carpet, these loops exist in every place of the usual dimensions - we only extended them to the intersections in the square network for the sake of visibility.
The background of Figure 4 depicts the commonly known structure of space - the ordinary world around us - on such common scales as meters, represented by the side of a small square in a square network.
For each of the following images, we will focus on the small area of the previous image; we will expand it to make it visible.
At first, there's nothing special going on, as we can see from some of the first levels of enlargement.
But if we go on our way to the microscopic properties of the geometry of space further - to the fourth level of enlargement in Figure 3 - we suddenly see a new, circle-shaped, lead dimension, similar to the thread loops in a densely woven piece of carpet.
Kaluza and Klein came up with the idea that an additional circular dimension existed at every point in the direction of large dimensions, just as a hose has a circular circumference at every point of its length.
For the sake of clarity, we only extended the circular dimension to some regularly located points.
Figure 4 summarizes Kaluza and Klein's idea of the microscopic structure of space geometry.
The similarity with the hose is obvious, although we note important differences.
First, the universe has three large, far-reaching spatial dimensions (of which we have drawn only two), whereas the hose has only one large dimension.
Even more importantly, the difference is that we're talking about the spatial geometry of the universe itself, not just some object inside the universe, like our hose.
But the basic idea is the same.
If the additional circular lead dimension is extremely miniature, it is much harder to recognize it - as is the circular circumference of the hose - than to observe the obvious, large, and wide-ranging dimensions.
If the size of the additional dimension is small enough, it will in fact be revealed beyond the power of our most modern enlargement tools.
Most importantly, however, the extra dimensions are not just a huge bubble within the normal dimensions, as the two-dimensional illustration misleadingly suggests.
A circle dimension is a new dimension that exists in each point of three common wide dimensions.
It is an independent dimension on the remaining three dimensions, just as the top-down, left-right and front-back dimensions are independent (and triangular) of each other.
A sufficiently small ant could move in all four dimensions, and to determine its position we would need four data, except for the three usual positions in the circular dimension; if we also count time, then data five, in any case one more than we would normally expect.
Have you been fascinated?
The book Elegant Universe by Brian Greeen can be purchased here on books.idnes.cz.
The price for the e-book is 149,- CZK.
To our surprise, therefore, we find that even though we are aware of the existence of only three dimensions of space, Kaluza and Klein's thinking shows that this does not exclude the existence of additional lead dimensions if they are small enough.
The universe may have more dimensions than we can see with our naked eye.
How small should they be?
The state-of-the-art technology can recognize structures of a billionth of a billionth of a meter.
We can hardly observe the smaller dumb dimension.
In 1926 Klein combined Kaluza's original idea with several ideas from the newly born quantum mechanics.
His calculations suggested that the additional circular dimensions could be about one Planck length, a size far beyond the distinguishing capabilities of modern instruments.
Since then, physicists have called the possibility of additional small space dimensions Kaluza–Klein theory.
Wohnout Honza Homola tips how to practice electric guitar: Part 5
The whole essence of "twelve" lies in a twelve-step harmonic form, which you can repeat at any time.
Anyone who is interested in music theory will find its principle explained in detail here.
Jan Homola or Honza Homolka Tobolka (1976)
The education of puppets and puppet actor, whose Facebook profile can be seen here, has been living as a graphic designer since graduating 20 years ago.
She is the guitarist of the band Wohnout, from which she is unfortunately unable to leave.
The guitarist is after her father, as is the brother of Mother, the leader of the Wohnouts.
Start training on one string.
"The harmonic model is for you, you can think of anything, you just apply it to the twelve-piece harmonic model," Honza advises.
If you add another string, you can change the figure again.
All you have to do is listen and watch Honz, what you can think of with twelve harmonies on two strings, and how nice it starts to sound.
If you pick up the third string, you can already flirt with the melody of some songs.
When you finally add the fourth, watch out for the change in layout, Honza warns in the video.
The next time Honza comes back to the penitentiary, you'll try to put it together with the twelve.
So practice it honestly.
As best you can, you will learn this in an interview with Jan Homola at the first lesson of his school's electric guitar game here.
Another goal without waiting?
It's not a big celebration, admits the Castle Courtyard
We take the point and we love it.
We had more chances in the first half, the second home team," said the attacker, who scored from a penalty kick this time.
You weren't nervous about his inclusion, though he was accompanied by tremendous whispers?
I didn't really realize it at all, even though on the second goal, where there are home fans, it would probably be worse.
You settled the penalty after half an hour, but you also got the goal from the penalty after less than four minutes.
What happened?
We slept in the beginning, we were passive, a corner came out of it and then a penalty.
After that, you stood up, and in the first half, you were a better team with more chances.
Why did it change after the break?
Hard to say.
I agree that we played well until the break after the goal was collected.
In the cabin we thought we wanted to keep the pace of the game after her, but we couldn't.
To tell the truth, I can't even explain why.
But it's probably also true that the housewives said something about their game on the break, they weren't very satisfied with it.
You scored for the first time on the opponent's court, while you didn't even get a goal at home.
Why is that such a difference?
I wouldn't say it's such a difference, it's more up to us to deal with it.
We started well in Brno, but then it was bad for us, Pilsen, that's another category.
You've been waiting four games for a goal, haven't you been afraid it might be similar after the last game?
I don't think so, but of course we're happy that since the last game we don't have to listen to talking about waiting for a goal.
Now we've added another one without waiting, but there's still only three in six matches, which isn't a big celebration yet.
Iceland - lava flows from a kilometer away crater.
The lava rising to the surface in the Holuhraun area near the Vatnajökull Glacier flows through an underground tunnel from a kilometer away crater.
It is located under the ice, as well as part of the above mentioned underground lava tunnel.
This fact is now the most worrying to scientists...
The situation remains unchanged for the time being.
Since last morning (31.8.
2014) still flows out of the pit approximately the same amount of lava.
Contrary to the original estimates, however, its quantity is lower, not 1000 m3, but "only" 300-400 m3.
Unlike the previous eruption of 29.8.
2014 is up to 50 times bigger.
However, scientists fear that the lava tunnel could open even where it is under the ice.
If this were to happen, and with the same intensity as the current eruption, it would mean huge floods, both on the river Jökulsá á Uílum and on other rivers.
In the vicinity of the eruption there is a strong sulphur odor, clouds of steam and gases are rising from the crack.
It is definitely not an eruption suitable for tourism, as was the case with the eruption in Fimmvörðuháls in 2010.
This is much bigger and there's a lot more gas," says volcanologist Ármann Höskuldsson.
However, the weather has improved considerably since yesterday, with almost no wind in the morning.
The tracks of the sandstorm were wet with rain.
Scientists can continue their work.
The orange (second highest) for Bárðarbung and the yellow (third) for Askju shall apply to air traffic.
The sky above Cheb belonged to the brave Lady Peggy.
She went through the wings
Aviation Day in Chebu.
The Boeing Stearman PT-17 was introduced by the acrobat Peggy Walentin, who climbed from the cockpit to the ridge on the upper wing of the two-wheeler as well as between the wings.
There, it's only dependent on the strength of muscles.
Aviation Day in Chebu took place for the fifth time this year and the organizers managed to prepare some interesting pieces of aircraft again.
The premiere at the oldest Czech airport was not only a "walk by wing" in the presentation of the German acrobat Peggy Walentin, but also the legendary fighter P-51 D Mustang or the Beechcraft 18.
He drew attention to himself with his shining breath.
Acrobatics called Wingwalking originated in the United States.
After World War I, many former war pilots were promoted.
But due to the large number of fatal injuries, it was banned.
Today, however, he is slowly returning to the flight days program.
Peggy takes off from the cockpit to the upper wing.
There he performs various tricks.
At the end of the performance, she will move to the space between the wings of the aircraft, where her show continues," described Luděk Matěček from the Chebsky Ultralight Club and the organizer of the flight day.
The pilot of the Boeing Stearman 75 E is her husband Friedrich.
If Peggy's performance was the main theme of the show, then the next Mustang fighter show was a famous dessert.
The legendary fighter arrived on the surface with the Grippen of the Army of the Czech Republic in a hanging (so-called on numbers).
Airline fans in the Czech Republic saw such a show for the first time.
Pilot Miroslav Sázavsky then showed everyone breathtaking acrobatics with the 1945 aircraft.
Made during the war, he probably never participated in it.
He was placed in the army reserves.
Since 1963 he has worked in the civil sphere.
Even as a racing aircraft.
Today, he has his own hangar at the airport in Munich Castle.
The Beechcraft C45H Expeditor is a twin-engined Beechcraft.
At the airport, the huge machine didn't go over.
His polished aluminum coating glowed away.
Max Holste MH 1521M Broussard in the colours of the French Air Force.
The small transport plane jumped behind the denied Turbolet and from the German Hof brought a part of the German delegation to the Aviation Day.
German neighbours performed in Chebu with reconstructed Jak 18T aircraft or a three-man Bücker Jungmann formation.
Lucie Borhy: Dramatic return to the camera!
Lucie Borhy exchanged her parents' worries for at least tonight's work.
Stress or nervousness - the blonde moderator obviously doesn't know any of that.
She had a good time watching TV news, as if she hadn't stopped with him for two months!
It's only been two weeks since the blonde's sixth Sunday, when women experience the most stress after giving birth.
However, Lucie will not appear regularly on TV Nova's main news program.
According to Blesk.cz, a regular return is expected in a month.
After all, her daughter Linda needs her now more than the television audience.
Lucie Borhy came back to the television screen and it was a black hit.
A year's exhibition in Prague?
Hall would be sold out, plans to break up Tiger
It would be decent if something like that happened during the World Cup.
But it depends on how the union builds up to it," he said in Jihlava after an exhibition titled The Golden Match, in which an amazing Ghanaian team met again.
Even the players who participated in the gold hattrick.
Players would have a taste, right?
I'm sure.
It would simply be good to say goodbye to the gold generation during the championship.
I think you can find one or two days during the tournament when it's completely free and where you can put a match like that.
Let's say it to Gum (Jiřím Šlégro) or Béď Ščerban (the organizer of the South Slavic match), who would take care of it...
Arena would be sold.
But what if you play the New Jersey playoffs?
So when I come in...
But you don't want to play for the team.
Or did the Southlake meeting somehow change your decision?
Representation and exhibition matches are two different things and in representation are decisive performances.
One thing is, people would love to see me there, but performance is crucial, especially at the World Championships.
There should be players who have it, and not because they have a good name.
My decision has not changed.
How did you actually enjoy the Nagan interrogation?
It was just great meeting the players.
A man revived stories and had a lot of fun.
It was a great experience not only for fans, but also for us hockey players.
Of course, the most important was the honor of Ivan Hlink.
And it's good to remember the history of our hockey and the fact that one generation is leaving that really was worth it.
Slavomír Lener, Vladimír Růžička and Petr Čechmánek in the classroom.
Do you still remember your first national match?
He doesn't forget things like that.
It was against Calgary Flames and three young men: I, Robert Holík and Robert Reichel, joined in one tribe.
It was everyone's first representative start.
Well, it's impossible to say that we'd be dominating in some way.
Dominik Hašek caught him in Jihlava for a long time.
What did you say about his performance?
Haasan will never surprise me on the ice.
I wanted to return it to him with that criticism, but I can't (Hašek criticized Jág for the reasons why he decided to end up in the representation).
Even Hnilička did a great job.
And he was training with me one night, and he was freaking out.
And now he's caught famously.
First the USA and then the Netherlands, footballers start qualifying
On Monday morning, prominent guests gathered at the hilarious NH Hotel.
People could see, for example, the goalkeeper Peter Čech from Chelsea, the national coach Pavel Vrba...
And over there, the figure in the black shirt, that's Tomáš Rosický!
Arsenal's forward and the captain of the national team arrived at the meeting around mid-twentieth among the last.
We have a beautiful match against the Netherlands.
Who wouldn't be delighted?" he said as he made his way to the press in front of the team.
Czech delegation programme
Monday, September 1st: start of the meeting, first training
Tuesday September 2nd: Open for fans (18:30, Summer) Autogram session (20:00)
Wednesday 3 September Czech Republic - USA (20:15, Summer)
Tuesday 9 September Czech Republic - Netherlands (20:45, Summer) end of meeting
Rosický and spol. can be supported by fans even before Wednesday's match against the USA (20:15).
The team has opened a training session for them on Tuesday, which starts at 18:30.
And then there will be an autogram session, which neither Rosický nor Czechs will miss.
Otherwise, however, this meeting of the national team will be calmer.
This is praised by coach Vrba, who has just complained about the number of social events in the spring.
We're finally going to do what we want to do.
Now we'll focus on the Netherlands.
It's an advantage if you have players together for eight days.
We'll have time to practice things we haven't had so much time to do so far," Vrba, who has been leading the national team officially since January, praised.
The Czech football team will be accompanied by a Musketeer image when entering the new qualifying cycle.
The national team has three matches under Vrba, all preparatory.
She lost 2–2 to Norway and Finland and 1–2 to Austria.
However, these results were not yet significant.
Only now.
The match against the Netherlands is the starting point for qualifying for the 2016 European Championships.
Of course, it would help the Czech army if it could handle the general against the USA.
The first half-year was to get to know each other.
There are important results now.
We need to think about being successful," Vrba agreed.
The only player on the twenty-three-year-old nomination who has health problems is attacker David Lafat.
He's worried about the temperature.
If he didn't make it to the United States on Wednesday, coach Vrba would have called another attacker.
Genetic disorders are often misdiagnosed
A British woman describes how she thought she would die after a bad diagnosis for many years.
After being diagnosed with another disease, Karin Rodgers spent most of her childhood believing that she had only a few years left to live.
In fact, it was Charcot-Marie-Tooth syndrome (CMT) - a group of hereditary disorders that damage nerves outside the brain and spinal cord.
The charity CMT UK stated that poor diagnosis is a common problem among people with CMT because there is very little known about the disease.
Approximately 23 000 people in the United Kingdom are believed to suffer from CMT, which can manifest symptoms in the area of motorism such as muscle weakness, involuntary walking and twisted toes.
Injured people may also experience indifference or pain, a condition that is incurable and progressive, which means that symptoms deteriorate over time.
When Rodgers was thirteen, she thought she was suffering from Freidreich's atxia (FA), a disease that had a very bad prognosis.
She believed that before she celebrated her eighteenth birthday, she would be tied to a wheelchair, and dead before she was thirty.
The mother of two children, now 51, says, "As a child, I knew I couldn't do the same things as the others.
I fell every day and it took me longer.
I've never been able to ride a bike or skateboard with the other kids, and I've been harassed at school for walking and running."
When Rodgers was thirteen and had undergone several operations to relieve her Achilles' heels and straighten her feet, she took advantage of her doctor's departure from the room and looked into her file where she found out she was suffering from FA.
"I felt guilty because I promised, so I didn't tell anyone, but when I came home, I looked up information about the disease in the library and I wrote to the FA Association," he says.
When they answered, I was shocked, completely panicked.
I thought before I was eighteen I would end up in a wheelchair, and before I was twenty-five I would be dead, and in the meantime I would gradually lose all my abilities.
I was on my own and I was planning my funeral."
When she was seventeen, she realized that her walking ability had not deteriorated as much as she had expected, and asked her surgeon.
He just stood up, embraced her, and said, "Honey, I don't think you have the disease, otherwise you'd be in the carriage already.
I think it'll be something much less dangerous to life."
After several genetic tests, he was found to have CMT.
"When he explained what CMT was, I thought I was a puppy," she said.
The charity CMT UK launched a month of CMT awareness to raise awareness of the disease.
Businessmen in Washington: Taxes increase as the economy turns around
The growing economy means more customers, higher sales and new jobs.
And higher taxes.
According to a new survey published last week, state and local corporate taxation in the country grew slightly last year as the recovery accelerated, and Washington firms were no exception.
Merchants in Maryland and Virginia have collectively transferred $27.6 billion to state and local treasuries in fiscal 2013, an increase of 3.8% over the $26.6 billion collected in 2012.
The tax burden – both national and local – rose by 4.3% last year to $671 billion, compared to 3.9% last year, and was the third year in a row after 2009 and 2010, when taxes were reduced.
According to a study carried out by Ernst & Young and the Center on State Taxation political group, state taxes have risen faster, by 4.3%, than local taxes, by 3.9%.
More than half of the county's tax revenue, 56%, comes from trade tax, and 36% of Maryland's revenue comes from companies.
Virginia, with 28%, has the relatively smallest business tax revenue.
Researchers argue that the majority of tax revenue growth is due to an increase in the value of property belonging to firms, which increased property taxes by 3.7 % this year for three consecutive years with -1% growth.
Although most of the profits come from large states such as California, New York, and Texas, the same seems to be true in Washington.
Companies in D.C., Maryland and Virginia paid more than $10 billion in state and local property taxes last year, an annual increase of 4.2% compared to 9.6 billion in 2012.
However, the apparent increase in the value of real estate does not drive up state and local tax revenues so much in Maryland, where property tax accounts for less than a fifth of corporate taxation.
For businesses in Virginia and D.C., property tax represents almost half of state and local taxation.
"Maryland owns a lot of corporate property, especially the D.C. tax base, the government or non-profit organizations that don't pay taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, CEO of the Center on State Taxation.
So Maryland is forced to rely much more on income taxes, for example, to pay for the same services that are in other states.
The recent increase in business tax revenue cannot be attributed solely to the recovery of the real estate market.
According to the data, business revenues also appear to be increasing.
Companies in the region issued a corporate income tax of $2.3 billion, up from $2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland has raised one billion dollars in corporate income taxes, the largest in the region.
Although they are moving in the same direction, the local tax burden on entrepreneurs is not rising as rapidly in these three locations.
The growth rate in D.C. was at the national average of 4.3%, while growth in Maryland was significantly higher of 4.9%.
In Virginia alone, the tax increase was below average, to 4.1%.
Virginia has the lowest corporate income tax rate of 6% in all three counties (of which all have the same tax rate).
The corporate tax rate in Maryland is 8.25%, while the D.C. average remains relatively high at 9.975%.
A similar study conducted by the American Chamber of Commerce this year showed that Virginia has lower state and local taxes and a more favourable tax climate overall than Maryland.
D.C. did not evaluate the study.
Despite this advantage, Virginia faces pressure from the South.
North Carolina recently signed a law reducing the corporate tax from 6.9% to 6%, as did Virginia, and next year it will be reduced to 5%.
If the state continues to meet its revenue targets in the coming year, the tax rate on revenues as laid down by law could be reduced to as much as 3% in 2017.
According to a recent study, small businesses in Washington are doing better and therefore pay higher state and local taxes.
The livelihood tax levied by small businesses as a personal income tax - the structure of compensating for cost increases by raising prices according to which most companies are organised - in D.C., Maryland and Virginia increased by 20% last year to $2.4 billion, much faster than other taxes.
Researchers say that the trend and national increases in trade tax are likely to continue next year, with total sales tax revenues for both state and local governments rising to 6.2% in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period last year.
Washington, however, may lag behind others, because cuts in state spending take their toll on the labour market.
What you missed: Europe's boss will be Tusk, Putin's Novorussia and Lafat's knives
Will there be a new state in Ukraine?
Putin calls for negotiations on Russia
Russian President Vladimir Putin has mentioned the possibility of creating a new state in the south-east of Ukraine, where government forces have been clashing with pro-Russian insurgents since April.
He also warned European companies that they would have difficulty returning to the Russian market following the current regime of anti-Russian sanctions.
According to him, the support given to the West by the Ukrainian army's war in eastern Ukraine is contrary to democratic values.
According to him, the end of the conflict depends on Kiev, so he cannot say when the Ukrainian crisis will end.
Further sanctions for Russia?
Czech Republic has a right to disagree with part
The European Commission, together with diplomats, is due to propose a form of further confirmation of sanctions against Russia within a week, the EU summit decided last night.
The President-in-Office of the meetings of the Member States, Herman Van Rompuy, told journalists.
According to Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka, concrete proposals to shift the form of sanctions should be ready as early as Monday.
Tusk will be the new president of the Union.
Van Rompuy to replace in December
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk was elected to the presidency of the European Council at the European Union summit, the so-called President of the Union, who manages the summits of the Member States.
He will replace Herman Van Rompuy for two and a half years from December.
Catherine Ashton will be replaced by Italian Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini as head of European diplomacy.
The Italian, who will thus become Vice-President of the future European Commission, has yet to be confirmed by the European Parliament.
Death is a reality in the Czech Republic, but it is not talked about
Helping an incurable and long-term patient with a death?
In Czech conditions, where the laws do not allow euthanasia, it is not legal.
Nevertheless, it appears from the doctors who contacted the LN that they are hearing such requests.
ALS: The hardest chapter in neurology, says a doctor on sclerosis
About three hundred people in the Czech Republic suffer from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), 21 patients undergo experimental stem cell therapy at the Prague Motole.
We absolutely don't know if she'll be successful.
But if we don't try, we won't find out," says Radim Mazanec, a motol neurologist.
It's in knowing the CIA's manuscript, they needed a war, Huml writes about shooting MH17.
Stanislav Huml, a member of the Social Democratic Party, has a clear idea of who shot down a Malaysian plane over Ukraine.
According to him, it is obvious that "the severe sanctions announced in respect of the shooting of a civilian plane with almost 300 dead were deliberately caused by the Ukrainian army".
Moreover, according to the legislature, it's a CIA manuscript.
Unfulfilled promises.
The elections are coming and the parties are again offering the impossible
The end of the homeless on the streets, parking for every family and a cable car over Prague.
This is repeated before every election: the parties promise impossible.
Now, too, with the upcoming municipal elections, politicians are pushing ahead with who is more attractive to voters.
The server Lidovky.cz selected unfulfillable promises from the present and the past.
Seventy years ago the Czechs landed at Dunkerque.
The devastating siege began
It was 30 August 1944, when the Czechoslovak Independent Brigade moved to France.
Its commander Alois Liška has consistently requested the addition of technical equipment and deployment to the front.
The British eventually accepted and included this ground unit as one of their forces in the siege of the port city of Dunkerque, which remained in the power of the German armies.
SUMMARY: Plzeň leads the league ahead of Prague's "S", Liberec declassified Baník
Viktoria Plzeň is the new leader of the football league, which leads by a point ahead of the two Prague "S".
The game was defeated by Slavia 1:2 in Mlad Boleslav.
After two defeats in the domestic league, Sparta recovered, defeating Jablonec with two Lafat hits.
Liberec scored a 6–0 victory over Baník Ostrava.
Sixty-two thousand spectators at a ballot box?
The Poles say yes
Introduction of MS voters in Warsaw brought a wild record.
At the football stadium under a covered roof, 62,000 spectators watched the home team's victory over Serbia.
Tickets were sold out in 100 minutes.
How do you survive coming back from vacation?
Don't hurry and get some sleep
The last days of vacation are ahead of us.
Getting used to the normal working rate after returning from the sunny beach or cottage can be for many nuts.
It can even be accompanied by depression.
Fortunately, there are good tips to cope with the changed situation: don't hurry and get a good sleep.
Joan Rivers Family: “Keep your fingers crossed”
Joan Rivers has been unconscious for three days, ever since she was taken to a hospital in New York City, but her daughter said today she doesn't lose hope that the 18-year-old comet will recover.
"Thank you for your greetings and support," Melissa Rivers said in today's statement.
We hold her thumbs.
Her mother was brought to Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after a call to the rescue team that said she had a heart attack at a Yorkville endoscopy in the Upper East Side, a source said.
Doctors deliberately keep her under sedation and close surveillance until they are sure of her condition, which remains ‘serious’.
Reactions did not wait long, including unbelievable online support from figures like Donald Trump, Montel Williams, and Kelly Ripa.
Reality is cross-titled
The fact that the media are turning reality around with their headlines is (hopefully) no news.
I know that the headlines "sell" newspapers, but unfortunately I also know that there are many so-called "readers" who do not read anything else.
And that's one of the things that's really bothered me lately, the more honest word is bullshit.
This concerns, in particular, articles on the Israeli-Hamas conflict in the Gaza Strip.
The headlines "Israel attacked Gaza" are quite common.
It is only in the text that you will read that the Israeli "attack" was a reaction to the fired missiles from the Gaza Strip, often at the time of the declared ceasefire.
That's when the headline "Both sides broke the line" appears.
Is the journalistic community aware that, in this way, it directly contributes to the growing anti-Semitism across Europe (and not only there)?
Sixty years have not passed since the end of World War II.
So far, there are people who have survived Shoa.
When I saw videos from the Federal Republic of Germany where a crowd shouted "Jewish bitch" and similar distrust, I was stunned.
Does the world want to finish what Hitler didn't do?
Are our journalists aware of the fact that after the Jews they were destined to eliminate the Slovaks?
Ladies and gentlemen, journalists, please pay a little more attention to your work.
You are often referred to as 'the watchdogs of democracy'.
Then defend her.
As long as he's here.
And defend the right of the only truly democratic state in the Middle East to protect its population.
How would you like our government to be preserved if one of our neighbours decided to abolish the Czech nation and remove the Czech Republic from the map of the world?
Perhaps you should also be aware of one more fact.
Almost 20% of Arabs with Israeli citizenship live in the territory of the State of Israel.
And they're fine there.
If you ask them why they don't go between "theirs," for example, to Gaza, they'll tell you why they would do that?
In Israel, they have jobs, social security and top-notch health care (I myself have seen first-hand how the top-notch private Hadassah hospital, which is funded by donations from Jews from around the world, is normally visited by Arabs and, of course, they are treated there).
Hamas is also attacking its Arab brothers with its missiles.
The only real help to Gaza, and thus to this troubled region, is to get it out of Hamas and disarm it.
And not condemn Israel, even indirectly in the headlines.
Inform about the practices of Hamas, its abuse of people as human shields.
Please inform us that Hamas intends to abolish the State of Israel at any cost.
Even at the cost of the death of innocent Arab children.
Please inform us that Hamas is on the list of world terrorist organizations.
Please inform us that in nine years of self-government in Gaza, this area could have been flourishing thanks to humanitarian aid from around the world.
Even from Israel, which supplies water and electricity there, for which the Gazans do not pay, and are even upset that, at this time, there are occasional interruptions in the supply of electricity.
If Hamas had not invested money in building underground tunnels to allow suicide bombers to penetrate Israeli territory, but, for example, in building apartment houses, hospitals, and schools, its Arab brothers in Gaza would have lived much better.
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
AMAZON just confirmed a statement from Information on Monday morning: The Internet retailer - producer of videos and hundreds of other things - buys the Twitch video streaming service for $1.04 billion ($970 million).
The announcement came as a surprise, not because no one expected Twitch to be bought, but because YouTube was expected to be the buyer.
Three months ago, the sale of Twitch to Google for a billion seemed certain, and this connection seemed natural.
Twitch, which just three years ago founded Justin.tv, was set to become a widely used video streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead, it quickly became a platform for players to broadcast online video games – in the words of Business Insider, “YouTube for live-streamed gaming.”
Twitch's interface.
On YouTube, there are already popular "Let's play" videos, a kind where the mudrlanti (mostly older) give games processing Mystery Science Theater.
The fact is, YouTube comes to a lot of shock when describing Twitch, so the news that YouTube is buying Twitch, didn't disturb anyone much, it was a textbook example of how a founded company pays off a possible competition.
The mystery is why the deal with YouTube failed, even though the company was willing to pay the same amount as Amazon.
All we have at our disposal at the moment is a statement from Twitche CEO Emmet Shear: “We have chosen Amazon because it believes in our company, has the same values and long-term vision and wants to help us achieve it faster.”
Another mystery is - frankly - Twitch's incredible success.
For snobs like me who claim to do sports more than watch, it's hard to understand what's so amazing about playing games instead of just watching real games.
One thing is to watch a friend over his shoulder at 3 a.m. playing Resident Evil, and a whole other thing is to watch a stranger get 20 hits in the head in Call of Duty.
All the games you might be watching right now.
Another problem is that a lot of today’s, most popular games are from a player’s perspective, so looking at their record without you being able to control the perspective yourself is a pretty good recipe for getting a broccoli.
I admit that speed run games, in which Rogers Bannisters of our electronic age finish the game in record time, is fun.
But if someone isn't a master of play or humor, his channel on Twitch is probably not going to be very interesting.
But what do skeptics like me know about it?
Twitch has 55 million visits per month and is the fourth-highest-performance Internet service provider.
How exactly does Amazon use that?
It's hard to imagine Twitch getting into Amazon Instant Video as elegantly as YouTube might have swallowed it.
But Twitch has something that every company wants to attract: hordes of young men that advertisers want.
As director Twitche Shear said, both Amazon and Twitch “believe in the future of games,” and the media don’t seem to hesitate, even as – screaming – viewers.
The second fundamental lie of creationism.
Another Czech translation of American atheist vlogger Aron Ra.
This time on the theme "The Holy Letters are God's Word."
Original video added.
The second basic lie of creationism is the belief that sacred texts were written by God and not by real human authors.
When believers debate one of the many things that are contrary to their religion, they often ask us the question: Whom will you believe?
Probably a word of God, or a word of man?
It's as if human exploration is utterly useless compared to the authority they imagine their doctrine has.
But when they say "man," they're talking about science.
And when they refer to "the word of God," they refer to the myths of God written by men.
If there really is an intelligent with a creator for some purpose, then it must be the one who has created the fossil record that reveals the evolutionary history, and it must be the one who has invented the genetic patterns that correspond to it, and it must be the one who has added a series of further proofs that show exclusively to the evolutionary conclusion to the last detail.
Why else would all these things exist?
Looks like he's trying to tell us something!
People couldn't make any of those things.
But people can tell stories, storytelling.
And it was the people who wrote all these texts pretending to be the word of God.
Every supposedly holy teaching of any religion in the world describes itself as written by men, not gods.
People who were "driven" or "inspired" by their favorite gods, or perhaps listened to the dictates of angels, but these texts were written by no one but mortals with a certain degree of imagination, no angels and no gods at all.
If there really was one true God, he would be an integral part of all the gods of all religions, the over-galactic supergenius, the ultimate entity of the whole cosmos.
If a being of this size had ever written a book, there would have been only one such book, a single holy letter.
It would be known all over the world, without predecessors, parallels, or alternatives in any language, because human authors alone would not be able to measure such a piece.
And people wouldn't have to believe it blindly, because it would be consistent, supported by verifiable and true evidence, and show profound darkness and wisdom far beyond all human limits.
It would continue to inspire every reader to unite in a common faith.
If God had written it, we wouldn't have expected anything less.
But what we see instead is the exact opposite.
Instead of a single religion leading to the ultimate truth, we have many different religions without common origin, and all of them are constantly breaking up into more and more separate denominations seeking the contested truths, each claiming some form of divine guidance, regardless of the continuing divergence and separation in every direction.
The Jewish Book, the Christian Gospel, the Islamic Koran, the Kitab-i-Akdas of Bahá'u'lláh, the Zarathushtra Avesta, the Sikh Adi-Granth, the Mahabharata Bhagavad-Gita, the Book of Mormon, or the Book of Urantia are all considered to be "absolute truth" and "the revealed word of the only true God," and the respective believers of each of them say that the others are in doubt.
The only logical explanation is probably that, to some extent, everyone is sceptical.
None of the above-mentioned books has any advantage over the others.
None of them has proof and none can be historically confirmed.
My name is Dr. Paul Maier, and I'm a professor of ancient history at the University of Western Michigan.
I'm not saying I've proven that the Bible is reliable and historically accurate.
Of course not.
You still have to have faith.
All of them require faith and also apology (defence), because they contain inconsistencies, absurdities and primitive ideas once considered true that have already been overcome.
So you can't say they're proof of divine wisdom.
Many of them promote abominable faiths instead of righteousness, and many of them are claimed to have been confirmed by fulfillment of prophecies - with the proviso that each may also contain prophecies that have not been fulfilled.
Previous theologians admit that all sacred texts of any religion were written by human hands and are therefore subject to interpretations, perceptions, and views of their primitive and often prejudiced bound politically motivated authors, explaining many of the contradictions and inconsistencies in these books, especially those in the Bible.
I wouldn't call it a contradiction, rather a mutual comment.
We have to point out again that here we have two different authors whose work was somehow mixed together during an editorial review.
He is right that Genesis has more than one author and certainly is not the story of an obvious witness!
Some experts now distinguish four different sources only for the Pentateuch, i.e. five Books of Moses, and do not attribute the authorship of any of them to Moses, because it almost certainly did not exist as described in the Bible.
Experts agree that Genesis was composed (probably by Ezra) of several unrelated oral traditions less than 2500 years ago.
Other documents were filtered at the same time and all are attributed to human authors.
The Bible is by no means as old as the believers think it is.
Dead Sea Scrolls are the oldest archaeological finds of texts known for their unfinished basis of all Western monotheistic beliefs, and yet they are many centuries younger than the roots of Zoroastrianism, Buddhism, Hinduism, Hellenism, druid cults, Chinese or Egyptian religions.
Christianity began as a gnostic faith, followed by the Docians and the Ebionites and their completely different views of Jesus, which eventually combined in some kind of compromise called orthodoxy.
Other Christian groups, such as the Luciferians, were discredited by further revisions of the Bible.
One of these regulations relates to the King of Uganda, who ruled 3500 years ago.
Because his followers represented a major threat to the young mystic religion, the authors of the New Law decided to mock and Ba'al Zebula, "The Father on the Mountain" changed to Belzebuba "The Father of flies."
So the Bible was deliberately and fraudulently altered for both religious and political reasons.
The remainder of what became the New Law was canonized in the 4th century A.D. in a series of commission decisions at the Diet in Nikaya.
Four gospels were accepted, and sixteen others were rejected by simply raising your hand, as if the fact of something could be accepted or rejected by voting.
The way the canon evolved depended on what was read about Sundays in the Christian centers of the time.
What was read on the second Sunday after Easter in the Jerusalem Church?
What about a Roman church at the same time?
And gradually they found out that they were approaching the same evangelical stories.
And so the core of the cannon evolved from a narrow original church.
So the cloister simply accepted as the gospel any relevant stories that circulated among the uneducated flesh at that time.
But they also knowingly took more than ten books from the Bible, even though they referred to books that had been approved.
Among the rejected items, we find the files of both the apostles and the prophets.
Why should God's Word refer us to books that are just words of some people and/or are no longer available?
Who was the real editor here?
The Bible often mentions human authors.
But how could it be approved in this way if God was the real author of this sudden mixture of legend, likeness, and lyricism?
The Bible was certainly written by people and certainly not too much by enlightenment, quite the contrary!
That is why so much of its content is historically and scientifically completely wrong, almost anything from beginning to end.
We're talking about people who believed that snakes and axes could talk, believed in spells, blood sacrifices, ritual spells, enchanted objects, fire toys, astrology, and five elements of magic.
They thought that if they used a magical rod to spray someone with blood, it would cure him of leprosy.
We're talking about people who thought rabbits were snacks and bats were birds and whales were fish and pi was the whole number.
These people believed that when pregnant cows showed pruned patterns, they gave birth to pruned calves.
How could anyone who knows anything about genetics say that?
Of course, the authors of this book did not know.
If the Bible were written by some higher being, it would not contain such errors as it contains.
If it had come from a real superior being, and had been conceived as a literal history, it would have contained none of what it contained.
As a moral guide he completely fails because, most of the original Hebrew scriptures were written by uneducated and bigoted savages who overlooked or supported cruelty to animals, incest, slavery, abuse of slaves, abuse of family members, abuse of children, violence against children, abortion, maiming, murder, cannibalism, genocide and prejudice against race, nation, religion, sex and sexual orientation.
To defend their innocence by claiming to do God's will.
But the creationists still ignore all of this.
Some of their websites admit that if any fact is contrary to the Bible, then the fact must be ignored!
And why?
Because if the creationists didn't have their favorite books, they wouldn't have God.
In their world, one and the same thing.
It is ironic that they reject God's "share" as "the worship of the creature instead of the creator".
But they themselves regard the word of man as the word of God and God Himself, and even insist that throwing out their supposedly "holy" books somehow throws out God as such.
Not their version of God, but all versions of God.
Creationist Christians think that if the Bible is wrong, then God is lying.
They cannot accept that God could exist and the Bible could be wrong at the same time because they cannot separate doctrine from God.
So it's a kind of idolatry where believers worship man-made compilations as if these books were God Himself because they think they're His word.
But God never wrote or dictated any of the scriptures of any religion.
Everything that people have endorsed or rejected into their supposedly "unchanged word" of any god has been invented, constructed, synthesized, translated, interpreted, modified, and often deliberately altered and twisted by mere missing people.
Original here:
The participant of the beaver challenge broke her jaw
When she poured ice water on her head, Isabelle Roberts of the United Kingdom screamed, damaging her facial bones.
This bucket challenge didn't work.
The woman was hospitalized after screaming at a cricket call to cut off her jaw.
While pouring ice water on her head, Isabelle Roberts shouted so loudly that she damaged the bone structure of her face.
"The water was so cold I had to scream, but my jaw started to twitch," she told The Mirror.
Twenty-year-old girl pouring water on herself.
Isabelle Roberts a moment before the accident
I tried to close my mouth, but it didn't work, it was stuck, and I realized something was going on.
Then it happened to us, and sister, they could have laughed, but I had to go to the emergency room quickly."
The twenty-year-old girl had to be hospitalized to get her jaw back after attending a fashion viral wave on Tuesday.
The video became an internet sensation, and thousands of people shared it on Facebook and Twitter.
An attacker at a Chinese school stabbed nine people, three of whom died
A man named Čchen, according to the New China Agency, entered the elementary school building violently in the morning and attacked at about midnight local time.
Three of the nine people he stabbed later died in the hospital.
Čchen was later killed by a jump from the height, New China said, referring to the regional government.
In recent years, China has experienced a series of similar attacks in schools and against children.
The public is therefore calling for greater security measures and better protection of children in a country where many married couples have only one offspring in line with government policy.
Zeman showed elementary school children in Lan how he had to sit in school
The youngest pupils were taken by the nine-year-olds to their classroom, where they and the teacher were waiting for the President to arrive.
He then showed the children how he had to sit alone at school.
"We had to sit with our hands behind our backs, but fortunately you're no longer waiting, you're free people," Zeman told the children.
His wife then handed the first-borns headscarves as a gift.
President Miloš Zeman with a child in the first grade of elementary school in Láně.
Minister of Education Marcel Chládek launched a new school year at a private sports school in Lithuania.
"This year I want to connect Czech schooling more closely with Czech sport," one of the reasons why he went to the north of Czech Republic on his first school day added.
The school's management referred him to a hockey game in Lithuania.
"They were the first, so I accepted the invitation to participate in the start of the school year," the minister added.
Minister of Education Marcel Chládek (ČSSD) launched the school year at a private sports school in Lithuania.
15,000 elementary school children entered the first grades this year.
Over 850 thousand children will attend primary schools and over 405 thousand students will attend secondary schools, the Ministry of Education estimates.
David Fiala is the new news art director for Nova
David Fiala became the new art director of news and publicity for TV Nova on September 1.
He replaces Alan Zárubu, who has led the creative department of the entire Nova group since 1 June.
David Fiala previously worked in the graphics department of Z1 news TV.
For the past two years, under Alan Záruby, he has participated in the realization of a complete visual transformation of the news reports of the Television newspaper, Střepiny, Prásk! and other publicity programs of the TV Nova.
David Fiala is very good at managing the synergy of communication between the editors, the studio management and the graphic department, which is the essence of the art director's work.
It has a sense of typography and a purely elegant design, which is the way we want to continue in Novy's news visuals," says Novy creative director Alan Záruba.
Apple iCloud allegedly succumbed to hackers, publicly received naked photos of celebrities
Screenshot with unique files extract
So far, an anonymous user on the 4chan server publishes naked and pornographic pictures of American celebrities, the American server Mashable.com noted.
He allegedly gained unauthorised access to the user accounts on the Appl servers, where the affected users uploaded them via automatic backup of images from iPhons and iPads.
Apple has not yet commented on the problem.
Some celebrities reject the footage as fake, but several have already admitted the authenticity of the footage in question.
Among them are actress Jennifer Lawrence, known for her title role as Katniss in the Hunger Games series, or Mary Elizabeth Winstead, who played, for example, Smrtonosna pasti 4.0.
The goal of the hacker is to use the obtained images and videos to enrich.
American magazines reportedly expressed interest in the footage, but according to reports on the 4chan server, the hacker wants more money from the community.
According to The Next Web server, it is very likely really a weakness in iCloud security.
Two days ago, a tool appeared on the GitHub server that allowed users to get passwords for user accounts through brute force, i.e. automatic repetition of login attempts with different passwords.
This tool was apparently working, but Apple closed the security hole after two days.
It is certain, however, that potential recipients had plenty of time to gain access to the various accounts prior to the publication of this instrument.
iCloud users should therefore change their Apple ID password for preventative reasons.
The length of the password is important, not its complexity.
The length of at least 12 characters is appropriate.
The escape of naked celebrities to consider as a reminder of safe use of online services.
Although servers from companies such as Apple, Google or Microsoft are secured many times better than computers in households or smaller companies, uploading sensitive photos in unprotected form is unnecessary risk.
If you want to backup explicit photos or any other sensitive content online, encrypt the files before uploading.
It is also possible to set the automatic backup of photos from the phone to run only on wi-fi and after connecting to the charger.
So you'll be able to move sensitive images "safely" in time, and mainly you'll have space to delete unsaved images, so they won't unnecessarily take up space in the online storage.
Instructions on how to encrypt files and communication on the Internet are offered to readers of HN and IHNED.cz in the form of an electronic book by Michal Altair Valáška in PDF format.
A smart way to save on college scripts
Given that the cost of a university script for many students exceeds $1,000 a year, a prospective second-year student came up with a smart way to cut costs.
He devised a system of borrowing books from high school students with the offer of nominal compensation to delay their re-sale.
“I got a book of calculations, which normally costs $180, for a semester for ten and chicken nuggets,” says Schroeder, 19, who studies at Covenant College in Georgia.
The books required for his last semester would cost $430, he says.
He lost 120.
According to the University Council, the average student spends more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and aids, but students have different options for managing these expenses.
Internet shops and creative solutions like Schroeder's are the preferred choice for students.
On the rise is the loan of textbooks, which allows students to use the semester book often with a significant discount than if they bought it.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 bookstores in campus areas, says book lending has doubled since 2011.
A survey in the industry shows that around a quarter of the books in university libraries were borrowed in the last spring semester, says Vice President Neebo Trevor Meyer.
Less than half of the textbooks are purchased, according to the National Association of University Shops in University Libraries.
Here are 101 best ways to succeed.
Online shopping
Prices for some new books can be up to a third lower on the Internet than in university libraries.
The recommended price of the ninth edition of the book "Calculus" by Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostettler is almost $290, but on the Internet it is possible to buy a new one at Chegg.com, a small shop specializing in textbooks, for $239.99.
Buy Used
If you do not mind other people's remarks or wear and tear, the appropriate option is to use textbooks.
On Chegg.com, Calculus is sold for $93.49.
Matt Casaday, 25, a senior at Brigham Young University, says he paid Amazon.com 42 cents for the used edition of Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End of The Advertising Business.
The new one was sold for $48.
University teacher Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts Amherst's College Without Walls, suggests that students check with their teachers whether older editions are acceptable.
Sometimes changes to work in seminars are not important.
If so, older releases may be sold at a fraction of the price of the last version.
In addition to Chegg and Amazon, eBay Inc's Half.com is also a popular alternative for buying used books.
Loans
It is also worth considering borrowing textbooks, if you handle them well, do not forget to return them and do not need to have them even after the seminar is over.
You can save up to 80% on the cost of a new book.
For example, a student could borrow Calculus for the entire semester for about $20.
Check the terms and conditions of the shop where you borrow the book, including penalties for notes, highlights or wear and tear.
Keep in mind: If you do not return the book in time, the fine may be higher than the price of the new book.
E-books
Another option is to purchase an e-book instead of a normal book.
Sometimes these books are essentially borrowed in the form of electronic licenses valid for a period of time from distributors such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
Chegg borrows Calculus for six months for about $61.
According to Bracey, so students of literary courses can find the most advantageous offers, because many classics are now available for free download, while natural and technical texts can be very expensive.
In any case, go shopping.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon join Pepperdine Law School, recommends that you follow the ISBN because it guarantees that you buy the right book.
Before you order the book over the internet, make sure it's really in stock, Gault advises.
He was convinced of it on his own.
The book he bought was sold for four weeks, and he had to pay the full price for the book from the university library.
The mud, the mud.
And then they found in the well a torso of guns from the end of the war
The well is near St. George's Church.
We uncovered the porous surroundings and began to pull out an airborne load—about a meter and a half of mud and rotten leaves.
As we approached the food bottom, we encountered a headstone," Radomil Novak said.
We pulled it out, cleaned it up, and found that it was a torso of an offensive German rifle used by SS units.
The finding is allegedly unusual.
According to my information, such rifles were manufactured until the end of the war.
And there were about three hundred thousand," Novak added.
All the wooden construction things have been decomposed over time, so it's unusable.
Her body, of course, is preserved - it keeps its shape.
What happened in the well?
There is one explanation.
Maybe it was thrown in by people who needed to get rid of the weapons used by SS units, probably out of fear of being displaced.
The escaped fascists probably wouldn't do that.
They dropped their weapons in the woods," the finder thinks.
The bucket was the only thing the Jewish Spirit Movement enthusiasts found in the well.
"There could have been hand grenades, there used to be a lot of them all around, so we slowed down the excavation work, carefully scanned the mud to avoid any accidents, but there was nothing else down there," Novak said.
The discovery will end in the museum's depository at the castle in the nearby Silesia Rudoltices.
Ukrainian General: I haven't liberated a captured Czech yet
Exclusive interview with Colonel Volodymyr Ruban, who liberates Ukrainian soldiers from the capture of Russian separatists.
Kyiv/Prague - "I'm sorry, I have to take it... I'm being called from Donetsk," Ukrainian Lieutenant-General Volodymyr Ruban, who is also the director of the Center for the Liberation of War Prisoners, apologized perhaps eight times in an exclusive interview with Aktuálně.cz.
Lieutenant General Volodymyr Ruban in a TV debate.
With each such interruption, it was impossible not to hear the names of the people, their numbers, or where they were or should be, which Ruban specified with his counterpart at the other end of the phone.
"That'll be it-go over there," he concluded one of the flashy discussions with Donetsk, again focusing on ours.
Volodymyr Ruban is a general in the background, a former fighter pilot and an active participant in the anti-government protests in Maidan.
He was in Donetsk yesterday, when we had an interview.
Twenty-four hours a day are devoted to the liberation of Ukrainian soldiers from the capture of pro-Russian separatists.
News.cz: You may know that the Czechs are also fighting on the side of the Russian separatists.
Our counterintelligence estimates their number to be thirty.
There may be many more.
Have you met any Czech prisoner during your negotiations?
Volodymyr Ruban: I have already liberated the Serbs, the Dagestans, the Chechens, one Swede, the Georgians... but not the Czechs yet.
But I know who to turn to in Prague if we run into your captive compatriot and can free him.
Ukrainian soldier captured by separatists
A.cz: What advice do you give to the Czechs who join the pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian soldiers take them?
They should understand that if, like the Czechs, they fight in the Ukrainian frontiers of volunteers and are captured by separatists, they will be shot mercilessly after interrogation, just like any other foreigner.
The separatists regard these men as mercenaries, and they say they deserve nothing but death.
But if, for example, Ukrainian soldiers take a group of foreign separatists - and perhaps Czechs among them - they will put him behind bars and treat him as a prisoner of war.
That guy's just gonna survive.
The Ukrainian party also acts as a state in war.
A.cz: And how many Ukrainian prisoners have you saved?
If I understand it well, I'll exchange it.
Some sources say that it has long exceeded a hundred men.
It's been a long time since we stopped counting how many people we've helped.
We've only liberated them... not saved them from war if they decide to go on fighting.
The rescuers in the war are doctors, surgeons, but we certainly don't.
That's it.
And more and more are coming every day.
Every day we save someone.
Sometimes one, sometimes four or five.
And it doesn't always have to be an exchange.
Sometimes a simple human request is enough to release the prisoners.
A.cz: It is said that in a few months you have gained great authority and even confidence in the pro-Russian separatists... as well as in Ukrainian society.
How did you build respect on both sides?
Hard question.
One of the officers in Kiev gave me the nickname "crazy general with steel balls."
It doesn't offend me.
And maybe it shows the essence of our work.
As the head of the Ukrainian Police Corps, I've gained some authority before.
I never catch, I never cheat, and I always keep my word.
Whatever happens, I'm acting honestly and telling the truth.
Even when it is very uncomfortable for the Ukrainian Government, or the Donetsk or Luhansk Government.
If they torture and kill people?
So I'm just telling them they're torturing and killing them.
And that they're crimes.
I often risk my life, even being taken in exchange for prisoners... this job can mean an end to me at any time... I don't have to go back.
A.cz: How many corrections and torture of prisoners do you know?
... (long silence)... Ukrainians and separatists resort to torture of prisoners during interrogations.
I'm sorry.
And executions?
They're only happening on the inner side.
I have no information that the Ukrainian army is also correcting the prisoners.
There are no signs that the Ukrainian army is doing anything like this.
We have an idea of the number of corrections, but I cannot and do not want to give the numbers.
A.cz: Tell me the characters and motives of the Russian separatists.
Among them are officers, but also veterans from Afghanistan.
They are seeking independence and perhaps democracy in Donetsk or Luhansk - at least that's what they say.
They don't want to play games with Ukrainian oligarchs anymore.
The separatists already have teeth full of oligarchs and are their irresistible opponents - to life and to death.
As we say, they've eaten them to the throat.
By the way, the same dreams and desires were manifested in Maidan.
Now, let me be a little quick: Russia supports separatists and the West supports the Ukrainian state.
I consider one speculation to be large and the other to be small.
But already this sentence of mine has an inexcusable contradiction in it.
A.cz: For example, how does one of the strongest leaders of the Russian separatists Igor Bezler look to you?
Whenever I cross the line of the war front, I'm unarmed, showing the soldiers or armed men my bare hands.
And I'm always on both sides of those two or three hundred meters on a fly or in an optical pointer.
I can always see the faces of the people who are pointing at me... and they can press the trigger of their weapons at any time.
Colonel, experienced colonel with German and Ukrainian ancestors.
He is considered a Russian officer, but his family - his mother - lives in Ukraine.
They believe that Ukraine should not exist.
And if so, just like a small gubernia in a big Russian empire.
In any case, it is constantly being talked about and Ukraine is perceived as some sort of misunderstanding.
In his opinion, such a state should not even exist.
At the same time, it is an implacable enemy of all Ukrainian oligarchs.
A.cz: Speaking of characters - in the discussion show of Ukrainian TV you described your Prime Minister Arseniy Jacinyuk as a weak, helpless and tired "leader", who would do best if he left quickly.
I'll always get at least five times scared when I walk three hundred meters.
Why, then, should I conceal my opinion that Jacinyuk is a very weak prime minister and that he is harming our country?
A.cz: Do you think he was involved in the war in Ukraine?
You may know that Ukrainians call Jacinyuk a "chick."
And the rabbit is not an animal in the eyes of Ukrainians to be feared or to have respect and authority among others.
His behavior directly copies the rabbit's behavior.
He may be a good economist, but as a prime minister, he has no right in war to cry in parliament, to beg him, to play his intrinsics with him, to threaten to serve... he must govern, govern and protect the country in times of war.
When the country is threatened, the prime minister has no right to family, friends, rest for crying emotions.
He's the first minister of Ukraine.
And Jacink?
She's acting like a teenage girl.
Yes, he's tired, but he's also weak because he's never been strong... he's not fighting for Ukraine, he's just complaining all the time.
So he should leave.
The sooner, the better for Ukraine.
Why the Guardians of the Galaxy Couldn't Save Markets
The traitors of Sylvester Stallone's 3 returned less than $30 million from the US $90 million budget, and Sin City: The Woman I'd Kill returned only $12 million from the $70 million budget.
The film Sex Tape with Cameron Diaz earned only $14.6 million during its first weekend, and children's films such as How to Train a Dragon 2 were a disappointment for the theater.
According to a report by film critic Robbie Collin in the Telegraph, it is the quality of children's films that is to blame.
Collin called 2014 the "worst" year for children's films, and How to Train Dragon 2 was simply a "functional" continuation.
When it comes to films deployed to a slightly older target group, it seems that the problem may not necessarily be in the quality of the films themselves.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the CinemaScore and Metacritic servers and their average ratings of the summer premieres broadcast in at least 2,000 cinemas between War Victims' Day and July 20, 2013 and this year.
The results, which take into account the viewers' and film critics' opinions, suggest that this year's film yield is of the same quality as last year's hits.
According to some commentators, the change in viewers' access and the increased popularity of Internet servers such as Netflix may be to blame.
Director Jon Favreau, who currently works on Disney's Book of the Jungle, told the Hollywood Reporter website, "I think time is changing."
We have to admit it and not try to chase after what's already been.
In contrast to the current crisis of Hollywood casino marketers, Netflix's profit from Internet services reached $1.2 billion, almost twice as much as last year's $837 million.
Last summer, director Steven Spielberg criticized the studio for relying too heavily on comics rights, predicting Hollywood’s “unraveling.”
In the light of the current downturn, some commentators declare that there may be something about his catastrophic faith.
With the announcement of possible major casino marketers in the summer of 2015, including Avengers: Age of Ultron, Mimony and Jursky World, other figures in the film industry are more optimistic.
X-Men producer Simon Kinberg recently described the drop in sales as simply “cyclical.” For the Hollywood Reporter, he said, “Next summer will be the year of the biggest casino marketers in history, and no one will worry about sales.”
KLDR again threatens Seoul, launches another short-range missile
North Korea has launched another short-range missile into the sea, Soul announced.
The missile test was conducted shortly after the United States and South Korea's joint military maneuvers, perceived by Pyongyang as preparing for an invasion.
The province of Chagang lies in the northwest of the KDLR at the border with China.
According to the DPA agency, a spokesman for the South Korean Ministry of Defence said the missiles were fired from a place in the northwest of the DPRK and landed at a distance of about 200 kilometres.
North Korea apparently launched a rocket from the province of Chagang for the first time, South Korean media reported, appealing to military circles.
There's an underground launch ramp for Scud rockets in the province.
It is another in a series of similar tests carried out by the isolated North Korean regime in recent weeks.
North Korea has conducted an unusually large number of missile and artillery tests this year.
NATO Summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
Protests against the NATO summit in Newport took place during the weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds of people gathered in the center of Newport to take part in a march against NATO.
And on Sunday, about 150 people came to the Cardiff City Hall for a meeting that was described as a counter-summit.
Stephen Fairclough watched the situation over the weekend and spoke to protesters arriving from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenagers had to be airlifted from Blue Mountains
Two young tourists were picked up by plane and taken to safety after spending the night in Blue Mountains, New South Wales.
A sixteen-year-old girl and an eighteen-year-old man went on a hike to the Govetts Leap in Blackheath after Sunday noon.
When they didn't return home, the family called the police at about eight o'clock in the evening.
A search team was dispatched, including local police and a rescue team, and the couple were found near Bridal Veil Falls around 11 o'clock in the evening.
The girl injured her knee, and the man fell and hit his head.
The policemen stayed with them overnight and were picked up on Monday morning.
They were transferred to Blue Mountains Hospital in a stable condition.
Olomouc brought only a point from Opava, the victory was on your feet
The 23-year-old forvard was able to make a decision, but failed on two major occasions.
The goal was scored by a shot three minutes before the end, but ended in the net by Opava goalkeeper Josef Květoňovi.
I had it on my feet, I have to give that kind of a chance.
I'm angry with myself," Your little ashes poured on his head.
"Maybe I should have put it higher under the lid, I felt a bit better," he said.
Sigma's defence did not allow Opava much, with the exception of Michael's 11th minute attack, which was covered by goalkeeper Reichl.
Then the Hanks started pushing, but they didn't let them in the block of home guards, and Venus caught the shots from a distance.
We compared for fifteen minutes, then took the initiative.
In the second half we were better, we had more of the game, and the Opava threatened us only from standard situations.
But he didn't change your chances, and it ended 0:0," regretted Coach Leoš Kalvod.
Opava also scored a point due to the absences in the team, where in addition to the two wounded, Petr Vavřík and three-goal shooter Petr Ševčík, who are hosting in Silesia from Sigma, were missing.
Unlike its previous policies, it did not allow them to enter.
The substitutes deserve discharge.
Sigma was more football-oriented, but we didn't let her do anything except for one standard," said Slezanů coach Petr Baránek.
There was a lot of emphasis, aggressiveness and fighting.
Remise is probably worth it, the point is a decent gain for us," he added.
Sigma got four points in the rematch, which means 13th place.
Nothing to satisfy the club's boss, Josef Lébra, who, after defeating Znojm, made his million-dollar deposit conditional on diametrically different performances in other matches.
"We've been aware of Mr. Lebra's warning, so it can't be said that the boys don't want to fight," Kalvoda noticed, adding to the address of your sleeping shooter, "I believe it's coming, and when he hits the goal, it's going to start hitting him.
But after the first hit, I'll fire him right away to save his goals for the next matches," Kalvoda laughed.
Al Pacino breathed twice into Venice.
The film festival is experiencing another crisis
After tremendous enthusiasm for the opening film Birdman, whose director Alejandro González Iñárritu was among the serious candidates for the Golden Lion, the next days suggested that interest in the 71st edition of the festival in Venice was somewhat weakened.
Whether it was because the number of seats in the largest hall increased to fourteen hundred, or because following Birdman were acclaimed, but less appealing to viewers, films about the genocide in Indonesia in the 1960s In the face of silence and other social-themed films from 99 American homes to Iranian Tales, cinemas simply remained empty seats.
Comics heroes
Even the red carpet in front of the festival palace was not crowded as it had been in the past, and apparently it was no longer a problem to get a last-minute seat in the hotel.
There is more talk of the crisis in Italy than anywhere else, and it is no wonder that it has hit such respected institutions as the Biennale and the oldest film festival in the world.
Fortunately, the crisis is not manifested by a lack of personalities, but present exclusively in connection with films.
While younger fans were longing for the autographs of comedian superheroes Michael Shannon and Andrew Garfield, who had successfully played dramatic roles in 99 homes, the visit of legendary actor Ala Pacin has become a major event for all generations.
In addition, he shot it in two movies.
In the out-of-competition story Revenge, filmed by Oscar-winning Barry Levison based on Philip Roth's novel, Pacino has a role that is close to his heart: an actor at the height of fame who suffers from depression from the end of his career and personal life.
But seeing him the next day as the strange ironworker from a rural town in the film Manglehorn, shot by David Gordon Green, was a truly unforgettable experience.
Volpi's cup for best acting performance should not miss him - but does the artist Pacin's format still need prizes?
Perhaps the greatest satisfaction for him is the love of the audience, and of the Italian in particular, for even though he was born in New York, Al Pacino is proud of the country from which his ancestors came.
Points for Italy
After all, Italian film is doing very well in Venice this year.
The Black Souls, directed by Francesco Munzi, became Birdman's first shot, rewarded with a long standing ovation.
The Calabrian aspect of the mafia is viewed in it with a view to family relationships between clans, which are fighting each other for power and money, and the director managed to reconcile all the prerequisites for a good film: quality script, camera, music and actors.
He also used the chamber psychothriller Cold Heart, which filmed Saverio Costanzo with Alba Rohrwacher in the role of a woman who almost kills her own child with her scrupulous anxiety.
On the contrary, the French competition films did not receive a warm reception from either the Prix de la Fame or the 3 Hearts, both pieces relying on the traditional model of consumer films, which are based on the popularity of actors.
But after all, two really great films, Birdman and Black Soul, are not that few in the first half of the festival.
And although the festival footage has quite depressing themes, Peter Bogdanovich's new film, She's Funny That Way, a funny comedy presented outside the competition in Venice and shot in the style of the 1940s American comedy, managed to lift the mood for more than a day.
Police arrested four pervitin manufacturers in Prague, drugs drove from Poland
"In the past few days, the detectives arrested three men aged 42, 42 and 37 and a twenty-five-year-old woman who, from November last year to August this year, manufactured and sold pervitin drugs in Prague 9," police spokeswoman Jana Rösslerová said.
First, on Tuesday 12 August, an intervention unit in Cihlářská Street captured a 24-year-old organizer and dealer in one person and a young woman who appeared in the group as a drug buyer in Poland and a drug dealer.
The following day, the detectives detained another group member, a thirty-seven-year-old man, with the prior consent of the state attorney.
The last of the four police officers were caught in the area of a picturesque burner on Wednesday morning August 20th," the spokeswoman described.
For transporting medicines from Poland, a woman received a third of the drugs
The main organizer had a wide range of responsibilities.
In the workshop of the summer area, in the garden house in Horoměřice, in the apartment in Koněvova street and other places in Prague 9, he produced pervitin, observed various tools and chemicals needed for its production and ensured the transportation of medicines with pseudoefedrin from the Republic of Poland.
He then weighed the drug, divided it into plastic bags, and then sold the pearls.
A twenty-five-year-old, still unmarried woman helped him deliver medicines from Poland or sell them to drug addicts.
For this she received a reward from the organizer in the form of a third of the drug produced," Rössler added.
On instructions from the judge, the criminals also carried out several home searches where they secured drugs, industrial chemicals, digital weights, pay bags, syringes, hoses and other tools and objects which, according to experts, can be regarded as complete equipment for the production of methamphetamine.
Dealer has been punished seven times since 1995
"The police then found from the available records that the main organizer has been punished for property crime seven times in total since 1995, and the woman has not been punished," the police spokeswoman added.
The last detainee was sentenced to life imprisonment for sexual abuse in 2006, and the thirty-seven-year-old auto mechanic, who is being prosecuted at large, has been sentenced to nine times in prison since 2009.
Even for him, it was mostly for property crime.
The investigator charged three men and a woman with the offence of illegal production and other handling of narcotic and psychotropic substances and poisons, for which they face up to ten years in prison.
At the end of the three persons, the investigator also submitted to the prosecutor's office a request for detention, where the judge finally placed them," the spokeswoman said.
The fourth accused, a thirty-seven-year-old recidivist, was released.
His position and role in this case was not as crucial as in the case of the other accused.
The policemen are still working with this man.
Ferrari offers wood and carbon chess.
Ferrari offers among its other products very interesting things at very "interesting" prices.
A good example is handmade chess boards in Italy with a board size of 42 x 42 cm.
If you like, prepare more than 40,000 CZK.
The exact price is 43 405 CZK.
The customer receives a set of wooden black and red lacquered figures stored in a wooden box coated with carbon fibres.
Probably no one will be surprised that instead of a classic rider, the players have a figure of a jumping horse.
If the chess doesn't look like a sufficiently valuable gift, there is also a model Ferrari 500 F2 made (of course by hand) on a scale of 1:1.8.
The price of this toy is 318 305 CZK.
The abolition of high schools and secondary schools makes no sense.
The Czech Republic has few people with general education and statistics also show that high school students have good careers.
The beginning of the school year is here.
Great preparations have taken place in schools over the last 14 days.
Most of the time it's routine stuff, like carrying flowers from the summer storage back to the classrooms and breathing in frogs.
They're gonna have a little bit more fries in high school.
A few days before the start of the season, they are looking for furniture, computers and other technical equipment as well as literature in the library.
There has been no robbery or treason, the four-year high school in Hořice opens and resumes its activity after three years.
Not on a public platform, but on a private platform.
The lack of material equipment is not due to the inability of the founders.
They had to wait for the existence of the school to be confirmed by placing it in the school register managed by the MŠMT.
"French Socialists should shut up and put France in order," says Francois Hollande's key ally
Valls calls on the heavily divided left to “show its support” to the militant Socialist president whose new division of power has not met with the approval of the majority of French.
The President deserves universal respect, he deserves loyalty, he deserves our support.
"Our duty is to stay by his side," he said, applauding.
As a gesture of moderation, the Prime Minister insisted that his government would not challenge the controversial French thirty-five-hour week, despite passionate speculation from Emmanuel Macron, the new Finance Minister, who suggested at the beginning of the week that the rules be relaxed.
On Saturday, Hollande asked the Socialists to remain “cohesive” with the government.
But Justice Minister Christiane Taubir crossed the budget line when she appeared at a meeting of rebel Socialist MPs, criticizing the Socialist Party for "losing faith in the future of France."
Marine Le Pen, leader of the extreme conservative right, laughed at the constant internal disputes among socialists when she said she did not expect the new Valls government to last longer than a few months.
Emperor Francois Hollande is naked and Prince Manuel Valls is naked too. They were forced to form a new government when the previous one did not survive until the end of the summer.
"And the new one won't last until the end of autumn or winter," Le Pen told her supporters.
She reiterated her party's call for Parliament to be dissolved and declared that she was convinced that the party could win the early elections and that she was ready to govern the country.
The French ruling party was defeated in the March municipal elections, and in May the extreme conservative right won the European Parliament elections.
According to a poll conducted by the weekly Journal du Dimanche, 76 percent of French people think that the Socialist Party is at risk of splitting into several rival factions before the end of Hollande's term in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at the University of Sciences Po, warned that the French would soon have patience if the new Socialist government failed to improve the economy and reduce record unemployment.
"It's a limited opportunity, but public opinion has to think that things are changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could get even worse.
Gambling and street art no longer limits Prague to elections
Amendments to the relevant decrees should only be prepared and approved by the new management of the capital.
There will be no more casinos on the streets of Prague before the municipal elections and the city will not restrict street art.
There will be no restrictions on the dogs outing.
Prague will not be able to prepare and approve amendments to the relevant decrees before the October elections.
"In addition, the decision on changes should not be made by the current management of the city, who ends his term of office in a few weeks," said councillor Lukáš Manhart (TOP 09).
Several municipalities, such as Prague 5 and Prague 7, have decided in recent weeks to abolish gambling on their territory.
But the casinos won't disappear, the gambling decree won't change yet.
It's the task of the new city administration after the elections.
Now we wouldn't even technically be able to do that given, for example, the deadlines for submitting comments and so on," Manhart explained.
He added that the last meeting of the current representation, which had to approve the amendment to the decree, would take place on 11 September.
A referendum on a general ban on gambling is being held on the day of the municipal elections in Prague 1 and Prague 8.
There is currently a ban on gambling, for example in Prague 2 or Prague 12.
For the same reasons, the regulation will not change in the case of street art, the so-called busking.
In particular, Prague 1 complains about this, which has already sent the Magistrate a proposal of places for which it would like to extend the current list of prohibited places.
Musicians also do not want Prague 5 in the vicinity of Angel.
The decree regulating the dogs’ outing the city is preparing for several months, not yet completed.
The location of the arenas and the issue of busking are addressed by city decrees.
They may be issued or modified only by the City Council.
Councillors have only an advisory vote, they are not allowed to issue decrees themselves.
Last week placed victory for Scottish independence opponents within reach
The campaign for Scottish independence was in danger of making this mistake for the third time when it almost placed the question of whether the Scots wanted to be rich on billboards across Scotland.
But you won't get to the hearts of Scottish voters by appealing to their wallet, or get their respect when you start to threaten them.
The New Law is still alive in Scotland, although few Scots still go to church today.
The Scots have a far greater tendency to expel the ministers from the temple than to let them dictate how to vote.
Scottish nationalist leader Alex Salmond knows this well, and he has repeatedly questioned his opponent, Unionist Darling, in a television debate whether he is willing to respect "the sovereign will of the Scottish people" if Scottish voters voted for independence and start supporting a single currency for both Scotland and England.
This forced Darling to vote between Scottish civil society and London's finance ministers, and he fell into this trap with grimasa.
Of course, Darling will not support the Scottish electorate's mandate.
However, the debate about what Scotland's currency will be has been more or less neutralised.
What really motivates Scottish voters is fairness, job opportunities and the defence of public health that citizens have for free.
Darling supported the London banker in monetary matters and also gave the impression that he would not protest against the privatisation of health care.
By saying what Salmond said, "he took me to bed with the conservatives."
This is a very dangerous position for any Scottish policy.
Every Scottish voter knows that Scottish businessmen are in bed with conservatives.
This was confirmed by David Cameron, who spoke in Scotland not to the electorate, but to the "boss" association, the Confederation of British Industry.
It is becoming clear that Cameron’s refusal to discuss independence with Scottish Prime Minister Salmond was a serious mistake for the Unionist campaign.
Cameron looks like a cowardly absentee homemaker.
The Scots would respect him if he came to the debate with the Scottish Prime Minister.
Cameron could at least say Scotland could be a "successful independent country."
Alistair Darling can't say anything like that, it's almost physically painful.
What he's saying is clear: the Scots shouldn't jump and have to accept what they are.
The longest year is 10 months.
The pessimistic start of the school according to Miloš Urban
Illustration for story The longest year
Miloš Urban Last year
The end was the best of the holidays ever, the last week that hadn't gone anywhere, and we just swam and wandered with Grandma in summer, quiet before the storm, calm before the stress.
New clothes when you could get them from Tuscany, boots from East Germany.
Reading the Fast Arrows, fifty years old, swinging on a bike up the Imperial Road to the back of Vary, somewhere to the tennis courts, it was no longer hot, the sun was shining on the back and shoulders, the rays of goodbye fell.
A little nervous in the evening, still on vacation, sleeping until midnight, worse in the week, the moments before sleep stretch from a few minutes to two hours, then get up at midnight in the morning.
He's coming Monday.
Most of the time it doesn't rain, on the contrary, summer is badly scratched in front of school.
Swimming in the magical light of a cloak and looking like a plastic statue in a glass canvas, there's that school, ZDŠ A.
A swamp with a strangely pink coat, and before her old familiar faces as well as a few new ones, boys taller, girls more tits.
There's a bunch of bad guys out there to avoid, but it's interesting how consistently they keep each other together and how fast they're here.
And these grown-up-looking girls who came screaming, they're laughing hysterically now, maybe something's changed in their lives over the holidays, while everything's the same with me.
And the new elementary school kids, some nervous and some excited, why are they even lying here?
Because they must, military education obligation.
So inside, the cold humidity of the floor and the slight smell of disinfection, the poisoned schoolboy with a mop, unfortunately still the same one who said he would lend the pupil the keys to the plastic locker where the books could be left and there were still so few.
For a bottle.
The smell of the wardrobe remains in my mind, it's not done now, it's well ventilated, but in a week's time it'll be worse.
It's just the imagination that's making your stomach clench and your head start to hurt.
A head that even worse understands the lesson of mathematics, the evil game for the chosen, to which I do not belong and will never belong.
Again, the three and fours, the goddamn fives, hiding from the test, getting into the bench and best to sublimate, being there or not, just to exist as a name in the classroom and dreaming stories of nicer girls and nicer buildings, of antennae into a universe where no one competes with no one, no one humiliates and no one scratches their feet.
The longest year is ten months.
And it's only day one, now like years ago.
She let her daughters die.
She is threatened by an exceptional punishment - News.cz
The first birth occurred in March 2012 in a public toilet cabin at the Jihlava bus station.
Without the help of a stranger, a little girl was born, and after cutting her belly, she wrapped it in a ready blanket, hid it under her jacket, and carried it to a roadside carrier, where she laid it in bushes several tens of meters from the road.
She was born on the way to school
It came to me a little earlier.
I was on my way to school.
I needed to go to the bathroom on the bus, I gave birth there.
She was born alive, she looked at me.
I cut the rope with the knives I wore to school," the defendant said, saying she was ashamed of her pregnancy.
"The next day she returned to her place, put the baby's body in her backpack and carried it away, took it out of her backpack, wrapped it in a black igloo bag and hid it under the stairs in her grandmother's house in Havlice's Broda," she says in pleading that it is not entirely clear when the baby's death occurred.
It could be in tens of minutes, but even hours after giving birth, by soothing with a blanket or by inserting it under the jacket, by cooling or excreting from an unattached belly.
A similar scenario was repeated next spring.
The woman secretly gave birth to the baby again at a closely unidentified time between February and 12 April, when the baby's body was found by accidental witnesses under a crevice at a fishing pond in Havlíčkobrodsk.
This time in the bathroom of the attic apartment in the family house.
Without checking if she had been born alive, without cutting and tying the pillow that was wrapped around her neck, she placed the baby in several plastic packages, including a plastic bag, and left it in the bathroom.
Later in the afternoon, he and his partner were taken to the fishing ground.
Finally her boyfriend gave her
The father of the two children was the defendant's friend, who allegedly did not know about his partner's pregnancy.
That's why he's not in court now, he's just been punished for an offence against the burial law.
He was also the one who later turned to the police.
I don't like him not being punished as a co-convict.
He manipulated the child against my wish.
I know my solution wasn't right, but it came to me as human at the time," she said, not hiding the indignation of the accused, who allegedly subjected and feared the man in her relationship.
During her testimony, the young woman spoke fairly balancedly.
He held tears in her eyes until the moment she spoke of her relationship with the parents she had left when she had reached adulthood.
She said she didn't want to kill
"They visit me every 14 days, they do everything for me, even though I know I don't deserve it," she said.
I didn't buy a toy because I didn't want kids, I thought I was young.
I wanted to put him in the baby box, but I don't know what happened that I didn't do it.
I can't explain that to you," she replied to the judge's question.
But she refused to deal with the thought and intention of killing the newborn.
In addition, the second child, according to her claim, was born dead.
She didn't stop drinking alcohol during pregnancy either.
But I've limited it.
And she didn't drink hard.
I've reduced smoking, too," she said.
Although pregnancy was visible on her in both cases, she claimed to everyone, even on repeated questions, that she had a health problem, that she was seduced.
And that's my friend.
The main trial at the Castle Court will continue on Tuesday with the statements of the court experts.
Judgment could already be delivered on Wednesday.
A woman is at risk of a penalty of up to 18 years' imprisonment, or even exceptional punishment.
Norwegian Cruise approaches a three-million-dollar acquisition of Prestige Cruise
According to sources familiar with the whole matter, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings s.r.o. (NCHL.O), the third largest cruise ship operator in the world, has advanced in negotiations for the purchase of Prestige Cruises International Inc. for approximately $3 billion.
The deal would allow Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, competing with larger competitors Royal Carrebian Cruises s.r.o. (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N), access to luxury cruise ships Prestige Cruises and rich clients.
The agreement could be published as early as this week, a source reported Sunday, but pointed out that the negotiations still may not end successfully.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, the private investment company Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns a 20% stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources did not wish to be appointed because the negotiations were not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to requests for comment, spokesman Apollo refused to comment on the situation.
Norwegian Cruise, based in Miami, operates thirteen cruise ships in North America, the Mediterranean and the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
The company's revenue in 2013 was $2.57 billion, 13% more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises operates under the brands Oceania and Regent, which together own eight cruise ships sailing to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
In 2013, the company reported sales of $1.2 billion, 6% more than the previous year.
The twenty-nine billion segment of cruises is expected to benefit from the rise of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India in the coming year.
Companies are competing to become the preferred option for these customers when choosing their cruises.
Prestige Cruises registered its first public offer with the U.S. regulatory authorities in January 2014.
Apollo has a majority stake in the company since 2007 with a trade value of $850 million.
Norwegian Cruise has existed in its present form since 2000, when it merged with the tour operator owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a consortium of leisure businesses and casinos controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
In 2008, Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise placed its shares on the stock exchange in January 2013.
According to the regulatory registration at the end of June, Genting owned 28% of the capital, Apollo 20% and TPG Capital LP 8%.
According to the registration documents of the first public tender, Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together comprise 82% of the North American passenger volume.
Pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong provoke Chinese authorities the day after the vote
Nearby stood a group of people loyal to Beijing, wearing the Chinese flag.
On Sunday, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress approved that only two out of three candidates participate in the 2017 Hong Kong elections.
All candidates must first obtain the support of the Appointment Commission, which is likely to be composed of members loyal to Beijing.
Because of this decision, it is almost impossible for opposition Democrats to get to the polls and persuade pro-democracy activists to renew their pledges and crush the financial center of Hong Kong’s protests of the “Century Purchase” movement.
In Hong Kong, political reform is the main cause of tension, and Chinese leaders fear that the demand for democratization will spread to other cities.
After Beijing published a detailed report on Chinese official authority in Hong Kong in June, democratic activists held an informal referendum on elections in a special district and hundreds of thousands of people marched into and occupied the city's commercial district.
The press conference, to be attended by Prime Minister Li, is organised by the Government of Hong Kong and the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
During the day, Vice-Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Legislative Commission Zhang Ronghsun and Deputy Director of the State Council of the Hong Kong and Macau Office Feng Wei were also invited to speak at several press conferences.
Student activists said they would gather in front of the Hong Kong government office this afternoon.
Until the last days of the colonial government 150 years ago, Britain never mentioned democracy in Hong Kong.
Putin asks Kiev to start negotiations on “state sovereignty” with eastern Ukraine
According to a description of the events in Russian newspapers, on Sunday Russian President Vladimir Putin asked the Ukrainian government to stop fighting separatists in the east of the country and immediately start negotiations on the "state sovereignty" of the ousted areas.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later explained that Putin's remarks were not intended to suggest that the regions of eastern Ukraine under separatist control would become part of Russia, but that their status within Ukraine should be reconsidered so that the Russian-speaking region would have the power to protect its rights and interests.
Putin’s call for the Kiev government to treat the pro-Russian insurgents as equals corresponds to the obvious strategy it has followed since the outbreak of the unrest five months ago: Help the separatists occupy the territory and force the Ukrainian government to grant the newly declared Novorussia real independence so that it can join Russia instead of the West.
In an interview with the first channel of state television, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military actions aimed at regaining the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, which were ruled by separatists in March and April after Moscow annexed the Crimean Peninsula belonging to Ukraine on March 18.
The Kremlin and separatists have labeled the recently occupied territories as “Norway” or “New Russia,” a term that refers to the famous pre-revolutionary days of the Russian empire.
Russian press agency Itar-Tass published Putin’s words that anyone who believes peace talks are on the horizon is “a prisoner of illusions” because Ukrainian politicians have launched a campaign ahead of the October 26 parliamentary elections, while government forces are attacking civilians in separatist-controlled areas.
"In the interests of the people living in these areas, we must immediately start meaningful negotiations, not only on legal matters, but also on the political organisation of society and on the status of the state sovereignty of south-eastern Ukraine," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's attack on state sovereignty was conceived in the context of broader autonomy, which Kiev's leadership has been discussing for several months and which is intended to alleviate the concerns of Russian-speaking regions about the threat to cultural and linguistic rights.
Peskov said that only the Ukrainian government could grant the necessary autonomy to the eastern regions.
It is not a matter for negotiation between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal Ukrainian conflict."
The Kremlin spokesman’s interference, which was supposed to correct Putin’s “incorrect interpretation” of the remarks, underscored the Russian leadership’s approach to resolving the separatist insurgency in the east, which is different from the open occupation of Crimea, where most of the two-million-strong population belongs to ethnic Russians.
Moscow should also have much greater difficulty in announcing Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, as most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russians, and public opinion surveys conducted even before the conflict have shown broad support for staying in Ukraine.
The autonomy discussed by Russian diplomats in international forums would give the regional governments in Ukraine the power to determine their own trade agreements and international relations, thereby essentially giving the Kremlin real control over the territory that would link the Russian mainland to Crimea.
The Black Sea Peninsula, annexed five months ago, is home to the main Russian naval fleet, a maritime commercial base and historical coastal resorts.
The areas between Russia's Rostov and Crimea are also a center of mines, factories and smelters that produce important components for the Russian army.
During his inaugural speech on 7 June, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko suggested that Ukrainian legislators - after the new elections - consider changes to the constitution that would give the diverse regions more control over their finances and language status.
But this vision of autonomy differs greatly from that of the Kremlin and separatists. Moscow is accused of arming and inciting violence.
Putin’s latest call for Kiev to treat separatists as equals followed a further insurrection last week after Russian troops and tanks penetrated eastern Ukraine from a previously peaceful area along the Azov Sea.
The separatists, reinforced by the Russians, took control of Novoazovsk with such force that the Ukrainian security authorities feared it was a campaign to occupy strategic coastal territory up to Crimea.
This hastened a huge civilian and military effort to fortify Mariupol, a port with 500,000 inhabitants of metallurgical combines, which lies between Novoazovsk and the narrow entrance gate to the Crimean Peninsula.
On Saturday, Poroshenko spoke at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels and called for action to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, the former Soviet Republic, which has been independent for the past 23 years.
"We are approaching a point from which there is no return," Poroshenko warned.
There are now thousands of foreign military units and hundreds of foreign tanks on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit did not take any definitive steps - the leaders call for further sanctions against Russia in the event of an unspecified escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Lieutenant Colonel Andriy Lysenko, spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defence Council, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday that Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Iowa after last week two columns of Russian armoured vehicles and 1,000 military units penetrated the Donetsk area to support the besieged separatists.
The first of 63 reported Ukrainian soldiers captured in Iowa during the Russian invasion were replaced on Sunday by 10 Russian paratroopers captured a week ago inside Ukraine, Lysenko said on Sunday.
Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko are also involved in the scandal
Geoffrey Edelsten has expressed his disgust at hackers who may have stolen intimate photos of his fiancée Gabi Grecko and other influential Hollywood stars.
Tinseltown is shocked after a series of explicit naked photographs of Jennifer Lawrenc were released on the Internet in the biggest celebrity photo hacking scandal.
Hacker claims he has sixty photos with naked star Hunger Games Lawrenc and other stars including Kate Upton and Cary Delevingne, singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Ley Michella, and actress Kirsten Dunst.
Australian actresses Theresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski, and Melbourne actress Grecko were also reportedly exposed to the public due to the leak from iCloud.
There are 101 celebrities on the list.
Edelsten, who asked Grecko to marry last month, told Confidential magazine, "It's disgusting."
All private correspondence and all private pictures should remain private.
It is a shame that personal information can be stolen and spread to the public.
Greece, which is now in New York, according to online news reporters, has told the newspapers that hacking is “shameless” and that those who have become its targets “feel humiliated.”
The hacker is believed to have obtained thirty photos of Palmer and her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two shots of her floating upstairs by the pool.
Palmer appeared in the film Love and Honour, starring Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, TV star Chuck Strahovski and thriller actress Sucker Punch Browning did not comment on the stolen pictures yesterday.
Lawrenc's representative to the TMZ said, "This is a clear breach of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen criticized the hacker on his Twitter: "It's exactly the same as selling stolen goods."
From a legal point of view, the publication of stolen images should not be tolerated.
The Sigma footballers decorated Lébra, even without a win
Olomouc - The horrors and lightning that the co-owner of the Olomouc Sigma Josef Lébr sent to his subordinates last week seem to be a thing of the past.
Maybe the Opava finally brought in only a point for a defenseless rebound.
With the club boss's armor and fighting skills, though, they were a little embarrassed.
Payments could come to the club soon.
"I don't want another game, as I talked about last week, but I'm a lot more optimistic," said Lébr, confirming that despite Sigma not winning, his players had convinced him by their improved performance.
The strength and dedication with which we played mainly in the second half was exactly what I want to see from the players.
In that case, I can forgive him for not winning.
If we played like that from the start of the season, I'm sure we haven't lost yet," Lébr thinks.
Sigma in Opava overcame the initial domestic pressure, then settled the game and was better in the second half.
After the victory Kalvod's commanders sacked, but did not reach their chances to score, so they could not win.
The result is not what we imagine.
To our complete satisfaction, we missed only one changeable chance," said Lébr, who does not think that the change in the attitude of footballers was caused only by his threat.
There were certainly more aspects.
Whether by my side, by the coach, or by the fans," said Lébr.
Sigma must calculate the pressure
The players didn't want to comment much after last week's Opava match.
I'm trying to get these things out of the way.
I tried not to admit it," said young goalkeeper Michal Reichl.
Then completely without comment he left a question to Lébrov statement from last week attacker Václav Vašíček, who did not change Sigma's biggest opportunity in Saturday's game.
Afterwards, however, he talked a little about the pressure.
We're still under pressure.
Everybody wants to pull on us.
Today, we've shown that if we fight and we all go to hell, we'll do it," he said.
They took the warnings to heart
Even coach Leoš Kalvoda did not pretend that preparation for the match was not the easiest given the atmosphere that prevailed in Olomouc last week.
It was hard enough.
But I think the boys realized it, and today it was evident that they took Mr. Lebra's warning to heart.
Even though it wasn't that they didn't want to fight and they threw it away," the Olomouski coach said.
It was like today's first fifteen minutes.
It took us a while to face up to hardship and realize what the second league was about.
It's not just about football, it's about fighting," Kalvoda said.
All that remains is to hope that in the next matches Sigma will be working right from the start.
"I'd love to believe that," he added.