Juankosken will join Kuopio City at the beginning of 2017.
The municipal council of Kuopio unanimously adopted the annex on Monday.
The municipal council of Juancosque adopted the annex last week.
The town of Tuusniemi was also involved in the settlement of the dispute, but its council decided that Tuusniemi would remain independent.
Kuopio and Juankoski will decide on the implementation of the following municipalities separately.
The next elections will be held in 2016.
Since the accession of Juan Koske, the population of Kuopio is around 111 000.
Prime Ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
India's new Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will meet his Japanese colleague, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss economic and security relations, in his first major foreign visit since the May elections.
The five-day visit by Mr Mod to Japan is aimed at strengthening economic relations with the world's third largest economy.
Plans for extended nuclear cooperation are at the forefront of the debate.
It has also been said that India is interested in a defence cooperation agreement with Japan.
Putin: Ukrainian troops are firing on civilians
On Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin accused the leadership of Kiev of refusing to have direct political discussions with the separatists in Eastern Ukraine.
The current leadership in Kiev does not want to have a substantial political debate with the eastern part of the country, Putin said, according to the Itar-Tassin news agency.
He also said that the pro-Russian separatists, who Kiev and the West claim to be assisting the Russian army, tried to push the Ukrainian troops further away from their current positions, where Putin said that the Ukrainian army troops were beating civilians.
The aim of the militias is to expel these armed troops and their equipment so that they do not have the opportunity to shoot the inhabitants of the region, Putin said.
The event took place on Friday and Saturday at Ryrmikorjaam.
It was surprising that the young man came from the very beginning of the morning.
The visitors were expected over the course of two days, says Professor Tom Kangas.
The Seoul Hiphop Festival was held for the third time.
Next year again.
We are still going to be hip-hop festivals, so pop is not allowed, Kangas assures us.
On Tuesday, a law will enter into force in Finland restricting the procurement of explosives.
In future, individuals will have to obtain permission from the police authorities to buy or hold materials or compounds that could be used as the so-called starting material for explosives.
Such substances are hydrogen dioxide, nitromethane, nitric acid, potassium chlorate, potassium perchlorate, sodium chlorate and sodium perchlorate and the compounds contained therein if the specified concentration values are exceeded.
For example, hydrogen dioxide is present in detergents and detergents, but its concentrations do not generally exceed limit values.
Nitromethane is used, for example, during acceleration times.
However, starting materials acquired prior to the entry into force of the law may be held and used until 2 March 2016.
George Webster charged with hotel rapes in Nairn and Pitlochry
The accused of rape at two hotels is awaiting trial.
George Webster, 28, heard the charges before the Glasgow High Court of Justice.
He is accused of rape at Pitlochryn Scotland's Hotel in Perthshire on 7 June 2013.
Webster is accused of attacking a woman 'when she was in a state of unconsciousness, asleep, and unable to make her own decision'.
Webster is also accused of another rape at the Golf View Hotel in Northern Ireland on 4 May 2014.
In accordance with the decision of Judge Lady Rae, the trial will take place at the High Court in Edinburgh on 17 November.
Valioliiga: Super Raheem won - Mario lost - Valioliiga - Ilta-Sanomat
Only 19-year-old Raheem Sterling once again demonstrated why he is regarded as a hope for the future of English football.
White Hart Lanella had an electronic atmosphere on Sunday when Liverpool, backed up by Mario Balotelli, came to Tottenham.
Super Mario's presence was promising: experienced English journalists saw a 24-year-old Italian working on the field in a very different way from Manchester City.
Balotelli was still a long way from being top-of-the-line.
The Italian lost three high-quality goals and scored only half of his sixteen goals to his own team.
Pool supporters, who have already taken the player's favour, expect better in the future.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers sat Balotelli alongside Daniel Sturridge as the team's second attacker in the role of Luis Suarez, who was travelling to Barcelona.
Instead of Balotelli, Raheem Sterling, the star of the river, was crowned in the centre of the stadium, overtaking Hugo Lloris in a 3-0 victory over an important opening ground.
Sterling, 19 years old, does not just work with efficiency.
The Englishman, 20 cents shorter than a ballet, is between the lines of the opponent than a fish in the water.
It is not a common nickname for a player who thanks at best about 34 kilometres an hour at the corner.
Rodgers too deserves a great deal of thanks for Sterling's progress.
After the match, the Northern Irishman told us how Liverpool had systematically developed from a left-handed player who grew up at Wembley's roots into a more comprehensive player, a mere forward.
Susanna Mälkki elected mayor of Helsinki City Orchestra - "I am happy and proud"
The Helsinki City Government has decided to appoint Susanna Mälkin as the next mayor of the Helsinki City Orchestra from autumn 2016.
The press, including the Los Angeles Times, have questioned which orchestra he will take next.
Susanna Mälkki says she is happy and proud to start her new job.
The Helsinki City Orchestra has played a key role in the musical life of our country for more than a hundred years, including by presenting a large number of Sibelius music.
The orchestra has been led by the finest Finnish bandmasters and I have worked with many members of the orchestra in the past.
I look forward to our future cooperation", he said.
Pensions negotiations - Country - Regions - News - Karjalainen
A new impetus is being sought for the pension negotiations today from the own meetings of the labour market organisations.
The administrations of the Sakharov, Akva and STTK pay organisations will discuss the negotiating situation this morning.
Subsequently, the actual pension negotiations are to continue.
Among other things, the dispute over the binding age of retirement on life expectancy has been heated up by social organisations.
The schemes have promised a solution by the autumn, but the latest estimate is that it will come during this week.
Box.
The women's women's volleyball team Woman Volley of Rovaniemi qualified for the Vampula Sportsmen's Cup in the training tournament in Pihtiputa on Sunday.
Vampula wrestled in five watery matches to win 3-2.
In the last round, WoVo lost 15-11.
The neighbour was always a step ahead.
The fight was good, but in the defence game and in the passport game Vampula was a little better, WoV coach Teemu Mäkikyrö saw.
WoV's six-piece was so laughable that Jennifer Keddy, a 190-centimeter American pilot, had her back on her side.
Sara Niemi was rescued as a senator.
Karoliina Kyllönen was able to play despite her handicap and, together with Johanna Pekkarisen, created WoV's most flamboyant combination.
Jenna Keskimäki, who started as an apprentice, was able to make room for Jana Jaudzema for the last 1.5 seasons.
The best part of the wound was a talented Russian passport and a free Hillaela Hämäläinen, whom WoVo kicked as much as possible.
WoVo's preparations for the league will continue at the end of next week when the HPK of Hämeenlinna arrives at the training camp in Rovaniemi.
On Saturday, at 6 p.m., they will meet the river in a formal exercise game.
On Sundays, they meet again at the Sports University.
Lidl took the foolish figures in Finland
The company's sales turnover in Finland increased by almost 25% to almost EUR 1.2 billion during the financial year ended at the end of February.
The company published its results on Monday.
Lidl now has a total of 142 stores in Finland, and enlargement will continue.
Lidl also reported that it paid almost EUR 14 million in taxes in Finland in the last period.
Lidl Finland belongs to the German Lidl Group.
The company has more than 4 200 employees in Finland.
Egg cell deaths are higher in sparsely populated areas due to delayed diagnosis and difficult access to treatment
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have released the video in honour of her mother, who died from a seizure in 2007.
In Australia, women living in rural areas are at greater risk of dying of their egg-laying periods than those living in urban areas.
Researchers reviewed the patient data of more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005 and found that only 35% of women, that is, more than five years after diagnosis.
Researcher Susan Jordan from the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute confirms that women living in sparsely populated and remote areas were 20% more likely to die during the study than women living in urban areas.
FOURTH RESEARCH: New medicines may slow down lung and ovarian cancer
Researchers examined the seven-year history of women's health.
According to Dr Susan Jordan, the age of the woman at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, previous illnesses and socio-economic status also contributed to survival.
With older women and cancer spreading more widely at the time of diagnosis, the likelihood of survival was the lowest.
Women living in sparsely populated and remote areas were 20% more likely to die during the study than women living in urban areas.
The study did not attempt to explain why women living outside towns are less likely to survive ovarian cancer, but Jordan considers delayed diagnosis and difficult access to treatment to be possible reasons.
“Gynaecological oncology specialists are the best at treating this disease, and they are mainly accommodated in large cities,” Jordan says.
Although distance treatment is becoming more common and the importance of distance is decreasing, the researcher also proposes to increase doctors' mobility so that specialists can take care of patients closer to their homes, as well as programmes to support patients who are being treated far away from home.
According to a study by Dr Jordan, the long-term survival rate of women suffering from ovarian cancer is poor, regardless of geographical location, which highlights the need for better treatment and better cancer prevention programmes.
The research, funded by the charity Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer, is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, a 33-year-old family woman from Gold Coast, Elisha Neave, was diagnosed with a malignant ovarian cancer.
The city of Rovaniemi wishes to strengthen the rolling stock of kelkka parks in the Friendship Park, which is located next to the Hotel Pohjanhovi.
On Monday, the municipal government decided that the proposed map of the Ystävyydenpark and its surroundings would be made publicly available at the Osviita service point.
Opinions will be requested from the Environment Committee and the Lapp Centre for Life.
Through the land-use change, the city wants to enable tourism-related motorcycling activities to continue in the area.
The aim is to create a park area on the spot, which will include the existing Solidarity Park and the area between it and the river.
According to the proposal, between 15 November and 30 April, a maximum of 200 motorways will be permanently available on the site.
Tank stations may also be set up in a given area.
The new park area will also be permitted for service traffic.
The city of Rovaniemi has leased the area of the Friendship Park to safari companies for use in winter for motor racing.
The temporary contract was last renewed in spring 2014 and will be in force until spring 2018.
There has been a lot of resistance to the black-and-white parks and the change in the format.
Residents of neighbouring blockhouses have been both angry at the vote and worried about emissions.
However, emissions from the region have been investigated and no findings beyond the indicative values have been made.
The reformed equipment is also less polluting than the old one.
Furthermore, the Park of Friendship as a park area is supported by the fact that if the departure point were to be moved further away, the hotel safari customers should be transported to the departure points of the safaris by buses with an estimated 15 departures per day.
According to the city, the area and surroundings of the Park of Communities are also sufficiently large for boats, better than the locations proposed as alternative departures, such as the eastern side of the bridges of the Ounasjoe near the boat dock.
In terms of its location, the Park is good, not least because, in future, the activities can be extended, for example, to the Ounas Pavilion area.
The establishment of the park is part of the city strategy adopted by the City Council of Rovaniemi, which aims, among other things, to create a good framework for business activities by providing sufficiently high-quality areas in logistically and operationally advantageous locations.
The Park of Friendship has also been designated as the starting point for motor racing in the central part of the city, which has not yet become lawful.
The decline in property ownership can be seen in horticultural shops
The reduction in the number of homeowners, especially those under the age of 35, could lead to a reduction in the turnover of horticultural shops by tens of millions, as today's young consumers reach the 'headline group' of horticultural sales for their age, the Financial Times reported on a study by the British Horticultural Trades Association (HTA).
According to the Financial Times report, only 55% of the money used by landlords for gardening is used by landlords.
The study also revealed that more and more people live in highly urbanised dwellings without timber plantations, and that the size of the garden is decreasing as the foreground is increasingly converted into a parking lot, and these factors are also threatening the gardening sector, which is estimated to be worth around GBP 5 billion a year.
In the Greater London area, home ownership has fallen from 61% to 43% in six years, and there is the lowest use of money per household in the country for horticultural products.
According to the HTA and the British Horticulture Association (RHS), however, the increase in renting or reducing the size of the garden does not mean that people cannot grow plants.
Guy Barter, the leading gardener at RHS, says that "for example, plants grown in relocatable farms are particularly popular among tenants, as such farms can be modified if necessary".
According to the HTA report, 1997-2005 was a booming period for garden sales, as housing ownership and wealth increased from the end of the 1980s to the mid-1990s.
The report also predicts that trade will pick up this year as a result of better weather conditions, following the weaker weather in March and April last year.
Turkey interrogates US diplomat over spy report
The Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs has invited the country's most experienced American diplomat to report on the American and British spying in Turkey.
According to Deputy Prime Minister Bulent, the secretary of the US Embassy and the Turkish authorities discussed the report on Monday.
The German newspaper Der Spiegel and the online newspaper The Intercept have written that documents leaked by Edward Snowden, a former analyst of the United States National Security Agency (NSA), reveal that Turkey was the main source of intelligence from the United States and the United Kingdom.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan underestimated the significance of the report by saying that all the major states had mutually reinforced each other.
A previous report of the German main intelligence service's seizure of Ankara provoked a more hostile reaction in the Turkish Government.
Cannes winner Croze in new Finnish film
The Canadian actress Marie-Josée Croze, who has appeared in several success films, is featured in a new Finnish film.
Croze will appear in the 2 o'clock in the morning film directed by Mikko Kuparis, which will start shooting this week in Lithuania.
Croze won the Best Actress at the Cannes Film Festival for her role in the 2003 film Barbarian invasion.
He has appeared in Steven Spielberg's film Munich and Julian Schnabel's film The Tree in the Woods.
The main character in the 2 Nights in the Morning film is Mikko Nousiainen.
The film will premiere in Finland in September 2015.
Majorca Mayor of Magaluf charged with corruption
The investigators presented evidence of torture by police and Calvia City Government officials in the Office of the Public Prosecutor of Mallorca on Friday.
The police chief of Calvia, a holiday island in Majorca, has been arrested as a result of allegations of corruption filed by bar owners in the Magalufi area, known for its wet celebrations.
The High Commissioner, José Antonio Navarro, was arrested after several owners of the Punta Ballena district, which is home to the majority of Magaluf bars and night clubs, filed corruption charges against him.
According to the online daily Mallorca Diario, the investigators presented evidence of torture by police and Calvia city government officials at the Office of the Prosecutor for Corruption in Mallorca on Friday.
Two other local police officers were arrested by the Spanish National Guard on corruption charges and are under investigation by the judge, together with Mr Navarro.
A daily newspaper, ABC, published throughout the country, wrote that the owners of nightclubs were angry at the partiality of the authorities, which greatly hampered their business.
“There is no more money, there is survival,” one of the company’s owners told the Court.
You will not destroy our economy.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf was in the headlines in several countries this summer when a YouTube video was posted online showing an 18-year-old British holidaymaker frequently having sex with 24 men during a so-called pub crawl.
Since then, the island authorities have been trying to curb the reckless and uncontrolled use of Magaluf by reducing the number of participants in the notorious, alcoholic pub crawls.
Furthermore, the Playhouse nightclub, where the video was shot, was to be closed for a year, and the owner of the nightclub and the organiser of the pub crawl, Carnage, were to be jointly fined EUR 55 000.
Above all, the so-called balconing trend, which has caused a number of alcohol-related accidents when people have jumped from one balcony to another or from one balcony to another in a hotel swimming pool, has also become popular among young British tourists at the popular tourist destination in Magalufi.
Israeli children return to school after the Gaza war
Thousands of Israeli children in the Gaza Strip returned to school on Monday after a summer of bombing when rockets and grenades bombed their communities in the 50-day Israeli-Hamas war and schools remained closed as the area recovered from the fighting.
The opening of schools caused joy and tension in the rocket attacks on communities in southern Israel, but the traces of the fighting are still visible.
In the southern town of Ashdod, in the Pashosh daycare centre, workers removed the traces of straws from the walls and the rubble before the children arrived after the rocket hit the daycare centre.
“We are a little scared, but also excited,” says Ronit Bart, who lives in the Saad kibbuts, an Israeli community, and works as an English teacher at the city school.
Many children in this region are in dire need of routines.
Shani Bart, Bart's 11-year-old daughter, thinks that returning to school after a long period of time is'somewhat strange'.
“We have had some difficult times when we did not go anywhere from home,” he says.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbuts near the Gaza border to offer his support.
Before the start of last week's ceasefire, thousands of residents of border communities such as Saad had stayed indoors or had fled their homes to safer areas beyond Gaza in order to escape rocket and mortar fire.
Many inhabitants of the community of Nahal Oz, near the Gaza Strip, are sceptical about the return of a Palestinian crane killed in the community of a four-year-old boy.
According to the Ministry of Education, about ten families had not yet returned.
For the time being, the children of these families have been placed in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a city close to the Gaza border, which was the subject of heavy Palestinian reprisals.
He encouraged children to study hard and promised that 'the education and safety of children will be taken care of'.
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday on a ceasefire that is still in force.
The ceasefire immediately suspended the fighting, but it did not bring a solution to many key issues, such as Hamas' demand for the removal of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade and the reopening of Gaza's air and sea routes.
Israel wants to disarm Hamas and return the bodies of two Israeli soldiers who fell in the war.
A new round of indirect negotiations is expected to begin in Egypt later this month.
According to Palestinian and UN estimates, more than 2 100 Palestinians, three quarters of whom were civilians and at least 494 children, died in the war.
Israel has disagreed on the number of deaths, stating that at least half of those killed were soldiers, although it has no credible evidence of this.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker, died.
Hamas and other Gazan soldiers fired 4 591 rockets and grenades into Israeli cities, mostly in the south.
The Israeli army, for its part, carried out more than 5 000 demonstrations and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250 000 people fled to protect more than 100 UN-run schools that had been converted into temporary shelters.
With tens of thousands of people still under protection and fighting continuing, the school authorities postponed the start of the school last week.
“I hope that the school will open soon and we will get back to school, just like other children in the world and just like Jewish children,” said Mohammad Amara, 13 years old, who is in the school shelter in Gaza City.
According to a commonly used measurement, housing prices have risen the most for seven years in the Australian winter months.
The RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic housing price index, which measures housing prices in the Australian capital, rose by 1.1% in August, according to data from the RP on Monday.
With the rise, prices rose by a total of 4.2% during the summer, July and August periods, more than in the same months since 2007.
The annual price rise was 10.9%, more than twice as high as in the 12 months preceding August 2013, but prices have not risen steadily across the country.
According to Tim Lawless, Research Director at RP Data, Sydney and Melbourne are at the forefront of price rises.
The results of RP Data show that housing prices rose by 16.1% in Sydney and 11.7% in Melbourne last year.
The housing markets in Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin are next to be the busiest, with an average price rise of 5 to 6%.
The worst housing market is in Canberra, where prices rose by only 1.4% a year as a result of government spending cuts.
According to Lawless, the spring that has started in Australia will increase the number of houses on sale over the coming months, which will be a real test for the housing market.
“Taking into account the rise in the sale of auction houses, the generally high sales rate and the continued low interest rate, it is likely that the rise in house prices will continue over the next three months,” Lawless says.
New Gösta Museum brings unprecedented splendour to Manta
A new museum and an art gallery have attracted unprecedented numbers of visitors this summer to Malta.
More than 70 000 visitors have visited the Art Museum in Serlachia by the end of August.
The new Gösta Museum opened in June and features classic works of pop music by Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein, among others.
On Monday, the Mäntän Bildaidewoches reported that they had held a standing show, with 14 500 interested visitors attending the Hetkinen event this summer.
These figures are unfamiliar.
People have looked at windows and windows," says director Pauli Sivonen of the Serlachius Museum.
Sivonen estimates that the number of visitors to the Serlachius museums this year will be closer to one hundred thousand.
In previous years, there have been around 40 000 visitors.
The town of Mänttä-Vilppula, situated between Tampere and Jyväskylä, has about 11 000 inhabitants.
Director Sivonen reminds us that new museums always show up when they open.
"The challenge is to make the phenomenon permanent," he says.
It is therefore hoped that the art period will continue well beyond the summer.
In the autumn, the Art Museum will open new exhibitions.
The police are investigating the security incidents in Kajaan in the last four days.
On Sunday evening in the North Bank, a window was broken in the traffic system.
The technician had taken a small amount of money with him from the cash machine.
Between Thursday and Monday, fuel had been stolen from a truck's tank on the Blue Line.
On the other hand, between Sunday and Monday, the boat had been taken from the boat port of Petäisennica with its trailer.
The submarine was a fishing boat with an outer colour of pink and an inner colour of yellow.
The internal text read 'OIVA' at the top.
Some of the suspects could have already been caught by the police.
On Sunday evening, a traffic jam was broken in Tikkapuronti.
The police dog was left behind and a young Palestinian man was found hiding under a moon in the forest.
On Monday, the police snatched another man from Paltam, who is also suspected of having committed the same murder.
Missing amphetamine leads to murder in Kajaan
The disappearance of less than ten grams of amphetamines led to the murder of a Canadian man born in 1977.
According to the prosecutor, the man had gone into the house with his step-daughter and another man and shot a 34-year-old Kenyan woman, the owner of a house he suspected of being a drug dealer, with a knife.
The defendant contested the indictment and claimed that another man was a gunman.
The incident came to the police's attention when a police party stopped a car in which a corpse was burning clothes used in verification.
In addition to the clothes which were burned, a covered grave was found in the car.
The case will be judged later by the Supreme Court.
In many places, the summer was unusually warm.
According to the Institute of Meteorology, one hot August is repeated on average once every ten years.
Statistics from the Institute of Meteorology show that the average temperature was higher than usual throughout the country.
In most countries, the difference was one to two degrees.
Because of the July and August holidays, the whole summer became warmer than usual.
The highest temperature for the whole summer was measured in the first week of August in Pori, where it was 32.8 degrees.
Lenny Henry says: My father never wanted me.
He never said he loved me
Henry was born to a seven-year-old Jamaican immigrant family in Dudley in the British Midlands in 1958.
Henry's father worked in the factory and died when Henry was 19 years old.
Henry is currently working on Rudy’s Rare Records, which is partly based on an imaginary discussion with his father and has been developed on the basis of the Radio 4 series.
Soundtracks are a mixture of reggae and rap in an upbeat style.
Henry has had to go through painful childhood memories.
He has been in therapy on a number of occasions since the death of his mother, and he thinks a lot about his relationship with his father.
The summer was very difficult to read.
His face was never seen, only a voice said: Stop the woods.
Leave it alone.
Move!
I am now looking at the cricket.
The parents of my brothers Seymour and Hilton, who were already adults when I was a child, went to the pub with my father and discussed, for example, the shape of the beer cup or the beauty of cricket.
I have never spoken to him about such matters.
For most of my life, he was to me the funny man in the corner reading his newspaper.
Henry recently opened a metal smelter in Dudley, giving him an idea of what his father's life had to be, even though working conditions are now better than they were then.
The lighthouses are a little brighter today, but they are practically dark, smoky, labyrinth-like depths, filled with lights, smoke and darkness, reminding us of a torch.
My father used to go to soil and only when the ground was dripping, and quietly he began to sing to himself by spraying the dirt of the melting plant on himself.
As I looked around the barn, I realised that he had been working for years to get us food on the table, and I began to appreciate him more.
Nevertheless, Henry's childhood lacked the kindness offered by his parents.
My father never wanted or said he loved me.
It was only when my mother started to get sick shortly before she died that we began to say to each other that we loved each other.
Henry has a daughter, Billie, with Dawn French, and through her own child, she has been able to share the love that she lacked as a child.
Do you have to keep saying 'I love you'?
Now let us put an end to that boasting!
Father, I am 22!
with Dawn French.
Why should we not be friends?
She's a Great Mother
Henry is still a good friend of French, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good person.
Why would Dawn and I not be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry's mother had diabetes.
That was also one of the reasons that led to the death of the mother.
When I began to suffer from obesity and diabetes, my doctor ordered me to make a full-section.
After that I started to get well, and I also had to start a heavy diet in order to reduce the symptoms.
It is very difficult –
and noise.
Nobody enjoys eating carrots.
Henry's well-known short part perhaps illustrates his change during his career.
Having received a great deal of good feedback from the critics about his role as Othell, he has fallen in love with the theatre.
The next stage was the comedy of Erehdyste and August Wilson's Fences.
Making a theater offers a different experience from the sitcoms and comedy that Henry has done throughout his busy career.
Henry started the industry as a 16-year-old factory worker.
He was spotted by a printing clerk making imitations on the bridge and contacted the New Faces talent competition.
Henry's television career began in the mid-1970s. "For a long time, I was the only black imitator and comedian on television," he says.
Henry learned from his work.
I had to grow up in the light of publicity, I had to learn to make jokes from fat skin between 1975 and 1985, while living my life and being on television, and it was a difficult time.
1975 Lenny New Faces
Henry's manager had screen rights to The Black and White Minstrel Show, a light entertainment show where people appeared dressed up in black, so Henry ended up in a coma for five years.
My family did not like it.
On the other hand, I wish I had never participated in it, but I do not lose it.
Although my position was strange and disgraceful, I was able to work on massive events and learn how to deal with the public.
Yet 'British TV's award-winning, multi-year favourite and light entertainment programme' was at the same time 'an ironic parody of black people'.
Henry worked in another comedy series in the 1980s, which both made fun of and admired black British culture.
The first episode of The Lenny Henry Show was shown in 1984, and in the 1990s Henry was known for his role as Gareth Blacklock in the comedy series Chef!
Henry spent the next decade in advertising, documentaries, TV series and films, but after his television series LennyHenry., shown on the BBC in 2008, he said to himself: ‘What are you going to do next, Len – now it looks like you are just going to hit the ground or drive along sidelines’.
Next was Radio 4's documentary series 'What's So Great About...?'.
The first part dealt with Shakespeare.
I have always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It was not really taught properly in school, and I think it belonged to a middle-class white man who uses chocolate and has money.
That is why the subject of Shakespeare caused me to fear.
All the people we interviewed in the programme – Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench – told me: ‘Look.
Do not abandon the whole idea until you know what you are talking about.
Meet the words and you will understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry said 20 verses about Othello's last speech for the document and he was sold.
I knew I could do that.
It seemed almost as if a part of me had been missing in the past, and now it was put in place.
"That's what it's about, that's important, so take it seriously, teach a lesson, do a little background study.
The training process was therefore difficult, and I read the play months before it was carried out.
In the end, it was a success.
It was apparently expected to fail, but it did not.
Shortly afterwards, Henry played the main part in the comedy The Disconnections.
All of a sudden, I was playing in the British National Theatre, and I could not quite believe it.
At one point I came up with the idea: 'Oh, you have changed'.
There were technical problems with the Kerra show, and Henry clearly felt that it was his job to entertain the public.
"My little voice in my mind told me: 'I have to stay alone for 10 minutes until the computer works again.'"
Instead, the assistant director announced that the show would continue as soon as the problem was fixed.
I walked out of the theatre, and some of me felt relieved.
It is not my duty,
I can leave it to others.
'You are part of the show, stay in your role'
Henry 'Fences' at the Duchess Theatre
The teaching of dialogues in the 'Fences' drama was challenging.
Panic is a good thing; it makes man more sustainable.
This, too, was well received, so it was like a sign from God: 'This is what you must do'.
That is, of course, what Henry is saying to KUMEAL.
So I decided to stick to this.
I am sincerely building this work.
I am building training rooms.
Henry, however, is still essentially a writer: little humour always interrupts our debate when he switches from one imitation to another.
The withdrawal from the Stand-up Committee is a question of will, because it seems dangerous to receive immediate thanks from an unknown public.
If you keep distributing it, it can lead to a deadlock.
I sometimes spend a lot of time in the Apollo theatre when I feel it, but in general it no longer excites me in the same way as before.
I would like to ask Henry whether he intends to go on a new stand-up tour.
It is a real pleasure for me to sit with the director, who helps shape the beginning, the middle and the end of the whole journey, and I do not think I would ever want to give up that feeling.
So is this his new birth?
I think so.
I am in favour of showing –
It is really fun.
There is always a story to be told in the show, and I am enjoying myself in that role.
I build stories.
People love stories.
Kenya sets up a register of civil servants in order to eliminate "haunted workers"
Kenya has begun to develop a biometric register of civil servants in an attempt to remove 'haunted workers' from government payrolls.
Employees who did not register in the next two weeks would no longer be paid, the government's communication said.
The government suspects that thousands of people will continue to be paid after they have left their duties as officials.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to curb corruption in the public sector after taking office in 2013.
According to a previous audit carried out this year, at least one million dollars were spent a month on the salaries and other financial abuses of 'haunted workers'.
The government suspects that salaries will be paid even after a person has died or has left office, BBC Wanyama Chebusiri reports from Nairobi.
All officials will be required to register themselves in the identification centres over the next few weeks in order to ensure that their data are stored in a biometric form, the government communication said.
According to the information, anyone who fails to do so without due cause will be removed from the payroll.
"This measure will make the public sector considerably more rational, because it will determine how many people are actually working in their jobs, and it will clean up payrolls at both levels of government, and it will solve the problem of 'haunted workers'," says Anne Waiguru, an official in the Department of Decentralisation and Planning's cabinet.
The result of the seven-month 2015 financial year may remain in deficit of EUR 25.5 million unless the city adjusts its operations and expenditure developments to the difficult economic situation.
On the basis of the current budgetary preparations, the annual deficit is about 9.4 million.
Possible ways of improving efficiency included reducing the scope and level of services, as well as the acquisition of services, the sale of assets and subsidies, and increasing tax and payment products.
Of the investment target of EUR 10 million, the total amount is EUR 8.5 million.
There is no promise of relief to the situation of the municipalities.
New public obligations, inadequate tax revenue growth, rising unemployment and a 5% cut in public contributions further undermine the prospects.
The aim of the seminar is to find new ways of balancing the economy.
The municipal government agrees that savings must be made.
Kimmo Heinonen, President of the City Government, says that the ship must be turned into a strategic objective.
The city government returned the proposals to the management team for preparation.
The city government's proposals will form the basis for budget preparations at the town council's economic seminar in Frame on Monday 8 September.
Following the delegation seminar, the draft budget will be forwarded to the city government and the city council through a panel discussion.
Ten Turkish police officers arrested on suspicion of 'false' government
A total of 33 police officers have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of 'conspiracy against the government', local media reports.
The police did not comment immediately.
According to the Hurriyet Daily News, 14 high-ranking police officers were among those arrested.
Some of them were involved in corruption investigations last December targeting government officials, including four government ministers.
In July, a number of police officers were arrested in Turkey on charges of organising a large-scale criminal gang and monitoring telephones.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who was Prime Minister at the time) said the police action was part of the planned action by Islamist leader Fethullah Gullen against him and others in power.
Not all children return to school in Ukraine
Most Ukrainian schools opened on Monday (1 September) after the summer holidays.
This is a traditionally important day for families and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took his daughter to school.
At the same time, he told waiting journalists that not all schools had been reopened, but he said he was committed to defending the country for future generations:
No ceremony was held in every school on the first day of September.
There is no peace throughout Ukraine.
We must fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the whole huge Ukrainian Front, must fight for peace.
Aleksan Pastukhov, who is the head teacher at the Slavian school where Yatsenyuk's daughter goes, spoke Russian.
We hope that peace will finally return here and that children will be able to learn lessons that will benefit them in the future.
The celebrations of the first school day traditionally include children's pencils, balloons and flowers to be given to teachers.
Texas' Perry says wake-up tweet was illegal
On Sunday evening, a disturbing picture was sent from a Twitter account confirmed by the Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, of a Democratic district attorney listening to allegations of abuse of power.
The tweet was later deleted, followed by a new tweet in which Perry vowed that he had nothing to do with the image.
The tweet was sent unauthorised from my account.
'I do not accept a tweet and I have deleted it', a later publication said.
The Perry army did not immediately respond to the requests for clarification.
Although the tweets were sent from Perry's established Twitter account, it is unclear who published the picture.
The first tweet contained a disturbing portrait of Rosemary Lehmberg, a district attorney for Travis, who was convicted of drinking in April 2013.
Perry blocked Lehmberg's funding when he refused to resign, leading to a large jury meeting in Austin this month during Perry's trial, a potential candidate for the 2016 presidential elections.
The title of the tweet was: 'I do not always drive in a hurry, three times the maximum permitted speed... But when that happens, I blame Governor Perry for pointing his finger'.
I am Texas's hummingbird democrat.
The Lehmberg agency did not conduct a grand jury inquiry into Perry.
The investigation was carried out by Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor in San Antonio appointed by the Republican judge.
Mr Perry has declared himself innocent and called the accusations political lies.
His powerful legal team has asked the judge in charge to reject the charges and has said that the law on which the Governor of Texas, who has been in office for the longest time, is being prosecuted is unclear, concealed against the Constitution.
Perry cut $7.5 million in state aid to the State Public Integrity Service in Travis, which deals with public sector indictments, when Lehmberg refused to resign.
The Perry decision prompted the left-leaning monitoring group to make an official complaint.
The Twitter account established by Perry is regularly updated – and sometimes also famously.
After finishing fifth at the Iowa Assembly during his 2012 presidential campaign, Perry threatened to end the game by posting a picture of himself flying at the lake on Twitter with the text 'Here comes South Carolina!'.
According to Berkeley, housing markets are 'normal' again
One of London's most important developers has warned that the housing market in south-east England has'returned' to normal activity.
London's capital has suffered from massive demand for housing and a sharp rise in prices, while a widespread credit crunch has been ignored, prompting the Bank of England to impose restrictions on housing loans in June.
On Monday, Tony Pidgley, founder and president of the state-of-the-art building company Berkeley, said that'since the beginning of the current financial year, the market and the number of trades have returned to normal after the end of 2013' and added that this has allowed 'a stable environment'.
London's housing market went very well during the recession, with foreign investors pouring heavily into the capital.
According to the land register, the price of housing in the city rose by 18.5% in the previous year alone, well above the average of 6.7% in England and Wales.
Average selling prices for private, affordable and student buildings in Berkeley rose by around a fifth in the previous year, reaching a rise of £423 000 by the end of April.
However, the strengthened pound has made London a less attractive destination in recent months - part of the interest has also been driven by new property tax laws and political rhetoric about a possible'map tax' before the May general elections.
Last week, the London real estate broker Foxtons warned that the April report on housing loans, which reported more stringent lending rules, would lead to a lower level of market growth both in terms of sales and prices of real estate in the second half of the year.
On Monday, the latest figures from the Bank of England showed that the number of loans approved fell in July, indicating a decelerating housing market.
The real estate agent Hamptons International has lowered its 2015 estimate of London property prices by 3%, as the price index that measures property owners' opinion has already begun to weaken.
The number of trades in the London's most remote areas, Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, has peaked in a quarter of a year, according to real estate broker WA Ellis.
However, the demand for homes in the capital is a blessing for Berkeley, which increased revenues from the property sold to over GBP 2.2 billion.
Pidgley added that "the demand for a well-designed, correct product at the best locations has remained stable and therefore sales have remained robust".
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3 742 new homes in the year preceding April, almost a third more than at the peak of the pre-crisis period in 2007.
Annual pre-tax profits rose by 40% year-on-year to GBP 380 million and turnover rose by 18% to GBP 1.6 billion.
On Monday, before the company's annual meeting, Pidgley said that the results of the Berkeley Year were in line with the market's current expectations.
Analysts agree that the annual pre-tax profit is GBP 450 million.
In the afternoon, the Berkeley stock was sold on the London Stock Exchange at a flat price of GBP 23.96.
Hacker put Jennifer Lawrence's nude photos online
Jennifer Lawrence will be present at the 85th annual Academy Awards ceremony.
The hacker, who claims to have a hundred other stars in his possession, has stolen Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence's portraits on the net.
The hunger striker confirmed that the images were genuine and condemned the hacker for 'the reckless violation of privacy'.
The authorities have been contacted and anyone publishing the stolen pictures of Jennifer Lawrence will be charged.
The images that were originally published on the 4chan image publication page had apparently been misappropriated due to the weakness of Apple's iCloud storage system, and the list of 100 other hacked stars allegedly includes dozens of other female stars, such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed reported.
We do not know how much of the images are real, although, against Scott Pilgrim, World Star Winstead condemned hacking on Twitter.
"To those who look at the pictures that my husband and I took years ago in private: I hope you enjoy them," Winstead tweeted.
Nevertheless, Victoria Justice of the Nickolodeon series 'iCarly' and 'Victorious' denied the authenticity of the images and tweeted that 'these so-called naked pictures, I think, are FUCKING, don't you understand'.
Let me put an end to this right from the start.
BuzzFeed announced late Sunday that a representative of pop star Ariana Granda had denied the authenticity of the star's images.
Only we have a copy of Howard Jacobson's new novel about love and the letter j
They moaned, that was the best description of what had happened, and gradually moved away from each other like a box of bottles left out in the rain.
It was only from time to time that he heard a woman say that she was too serious, too hardworking, too intense, too isolated and perhaps also a little pious.
Then he waved his hand.
He recognised everything.
Yes, he was pious like a cow.
The last victim of his footsteps was, at first, a relationship that was nevertheless promising; it seemed that this relationship could have relieved his loneliness and perhaps even brought some substance to his life.
Solomons's hometown had unremitting hair, and he was a delicate, soulful alien with a vital heart, from a northern village that was even shorter and farther away from anything than Port Reube.
He had come to the south with an elderly traveller who Kevern supposedly knew as his uncle, who had inherited a house in a dry but paradise-like valley, and the valley was appropriately named the Paradise Valley.
No one had lived in the house for years.
The pipes were flooding, all bathrooms were dark, ethanols had left their mark on the windows, keeping the whole place their own, and there were herbs growing in the garden, which resembled giant sea urchins.
The house was like a hundred children, at the same time threatening and magical, a garden full of secrets.
Author's story: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is a candidate for the 2014 Booker Prize.
The proposals will be published next week.
Kevern had been sitting hand in hand with Ailinn in a rusty terrace chair in the middle of a long hive, enjoying the surprisingly warm spring afternoon, both of them listening in isolation to the reception, through which the whole country heard depressing music and reassuring news, when Ailinn's crucified, sun-brown feet reminded Kevern of a song sung long ago by the forgotten black-haired figures and which his father had often listened to at low angles from the furnace.
The ball is too big.
These songs were initially too aggressive and were no longer played at reception.
They were not banned – nothing was actually banned – they were simply stopped.
They wanted to be left in a dream, just like the word dream itself.
Public opinion achieved what was not achieved by laws and declarations: just as in the field of literature, people chose to read the stories of the heroes, the books of legend and the novels, in the field of music, they prefer ballads.
In the midst of the day, Kevern began to tap on the imaginary piano and sing the serenade to Ailin's grandfather's feet with a cowardly soft voice.
The city did not understand.
'It was a famous song by jazz musician Fats Waller,' Kevern told him, while naturally putting two fingers in his face.
That is what his father always did before the letter 'j' came to his throat.
It had begun as a game between him and his father when he was young.
His father said he played the same game with his own father.
If you decided not to put your two fingers in front of your mouth and to start with the word j, you would have to pay a penny.
It was not a very fun game then, nor is it now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that is all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
The city had never heard of it.
Even jazz was not officially banned; it was not simply banned.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
There was only one if in life.
At the beginning of the vote, people wanted to know exactly where it would end.
It had been the same for Nickel.
Its unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was musician nobility.
Even though Kevern had not heard Sammy Davis Junior before the age of 10, jazz music had become familiar to him through his father's seminal CD collection.
Well, at least he did not have to tell Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
Given Ailin's age, it was likely that he did not remember a time when the popular singers were not black.
There was no need for laws or coercion here either.
The noble society meant that each of its parts accepted, gratefully – gratefully, that they had been saved by the trade of good luck – the principle that each group did things that were natural to it.
Based on their temperament and physical characteristics, people with African-Caribbean curves are best suited for entertainment and sport, so they sang and danced.
Originally, people from the Indian continent were naturally talented with electrical equipment, so their task was to ensure that every family had a working telephone that was used to deal with matters.
Those who remained from the Polish community worked as plumbers; the last Greeks broke the boat.
When that which happened happened, those from the Gulf and the Middle East whose parents had not fled eagerly in fear of being accused of burning fires and fearing that they would be pursued by those fires opened restaurants serving labneh yogurt and burning water pipes, and continued their lives with eyes set on the ground and depressed.
Let everyone act according to their gifts.
The city had only heard ballads, and it was difficult for him to understand how the insulting words that Keverni had just sung could ever be translated into music.
Love was expressed through music.
'They are not really insulting,' Kevern said.
Only perhaps for the grandparents.
My father never offended anyone, but this song made him happy.
He had already said too much, but the abandoned garden gave rise to an illusion of security.
No word would go through the soundproofing of gigantic peanuts.
However, the city did not understand.
Why did your father love something like that?
He was going to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but he did not want to raise his two fingers in Ailin's seat.
The city already considered him a stranger.
'My father thought it was funny', he said instead.
The city shook its head in disbelief, and its hair concealed Kever's point of view.
There is nothing to be seen in the whole world but the enormous, black-and-white hair of Ailin.
He did not want to see anything else.
'If you say so,' he said, but he did not sound convinced.
It does not, however, explain why you are throwing it at me.
The city seemed genuinely confused.
Are my legs so big?
He looked again.
Your legs are not really big.
A little bit, perhaps...
And you hate me because my skin is too thick?
Are you wrong?
Of course I do not hate you.
It was just a stupid song.
He could have said 'I love you', but it was too early for that.
He tried to rectify the situation by saying, 'You are annoying to me because of your thick skin'.
I am divided on that point.
This was not helpful.
He wanted it to sound funny.
Often, when he wanted to be buried, the effect was quite different, because he, like his father, lacked the convincing charm with which to control the cruelty of jokes.
Perhaps his father meant to be cruel.
Perhaps he, Mr Kevern, wanted the same.
In spite of their soft eyes.
The town of Solomons blushed and rose from his terrace seat, throwing away the receiver and leaving behind the wine they had just drank.
Wine, too, was made only from the back of a camel, so he could not use it as a reason for the collision.
In his sensitivity, he looked like a palm tree newspaper in the storm.
"And your thick skin is what makes me wince in blue," he said...
In fact, I do not think so.
The governor was sorry for Ailinn, both because of his own unnecessarily cruel words and because of the fear he saw in his eyes when Ailin decided to oppose him.
Did Ailinn think she was going to die?
He had never told Kevern about life on the good northern island where he had grown up, but Kevern was sure that it was essentially the same as life here.
The same huge, good sea that was washing against them.
The same mixed men, although even more shy and ruthless than their smugglers' and hijackers' parents after the kidnapping, wandered from pub to pub, ready to beat every woman who dared to oppose or cheer them.
A forced head?
He would still see a thick finger if he were not careful!
Imitate first – pushing had become the most common word to describe the difference between a man and a woman; the antidote to the meaningless love balloons pumping out of the receiver – inject first and then attack.
Mr Kevern thought that too much, because it was already hostile to encouragement in itself.
In the city Solomon's body was urging him to leave.
He pulled himself up from the terrace chair like an old man.
Ailinn, too, felt exhausted, but Kever's grief surprised him.
This was not a World Cup.
They barely knew each other.
The city followed his expenditure – just as his travelling companion watched Kevern’s expenditure from the window on the upper floor – a man who himself was the cause of his difficult life.
Aatami was leaving the garden, he thought.
He felt pity for Kevern and the men in general, even though some of them had raised their hands against him to stab him.
A self-deprecated, crooked, shameful, beaten man who had lost all his fighting will – why did he feel that he was so familiar with that sight, even though he did not remember having seen one before this moment?
When Ayllon Solomons was alone again, he looked at his feet.
A few years before the event just described, the intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher Esme Nussbaum, who worked at the public opinion-assessment private institute in Ofnow, carried out a short study on the continuation of low- and medium-level violence in those areas of the country where a reduction or even an end to violence was most likely, taking into account the money and energy used to eradicate it.
'A lot has already been achieved and a lot remains to be done', he wrote, 'to counteract the natural aggression of a people who have fought and mostly won for thousands of years, especially in those rejected and remote areas where, despite cross-tree churches, human tolerance is rarely known in the past.
Some things, however, cannot be eliminated altogether.
The higher the tower, the lower the desires it generates.
At the same time, the old-fashioned cruelty holds both rural communities and urban co-habitations to ransom, and there is evidence of a new, more evil spirit of exploitation in homes, in the workplace, on our streets and even in playgrounds.
'Sin has a regrettable tendency to dramatise', commented his director after reading the report as a whole.
I would suggest that you read fewer novels.
Esme Nussbaum closed his eyes to the country.
I must also ask: are you an atheist?
'I don't think I need to answer that,' said Esme Nussbaum.
Are you a lesbian?
Mr Esme continued to appeal for his right not to answer personal questions.
A feminist?
Once again, silence.
'I do not ask,' said Luther Rabinowitz, 'why I am against atheism, lesbianism and feminism.
There is no prejudice in this place of work.
We are servants of an unbiased society.
Although some kind of hyperbole is in itself totally acceptable and respectable, it can sometimes lead to distorted results, such as the one you have just presented to me.
You clearly have something against the Church – and what you call cruelty or evil spirits, others usually call natural energy and physical strength.
Treatment of what happened, as if it had happened yesterday, if it had happened at all, is destroying the country's fundamental vitality.
Esme Nussbaum looked around as Rabinowitz spoke.
Behind Rabinowitz's head, a flamingo-blue LED lamp declared the instructions that Ofnow had already given the country in the fourth or more centuries of the last century.
Smile at your neighbour, respect your partner, listen to ballads, go to musicals, use your phone, discuss, explain, listen, agree, apologise.
Speaking is better than silence, and a word sung is better than written, but nothing can be loved.
'I understand very well what you want to say,' Esme Nussbaum replied with a quiet voice when he was sure that his director had quit, 'and I just want to say that we are not as well improved as we think we are.
I am concerned that, if we are not warned, we will find ourselves repeating the same mistakes that originally led to what happened, what happened.
This time, however, we are not leaking our hatred and distrust of each other.
Luther Rabinowitz built the pyramid with his fingers.
This gesture meant endless patience.
'You went too far', he said, 'depicting 'errors' in the actions that our parents may or may not have done.
You have also gone too far in saying that they were leaking 'their hatred and distrust of others'.'
Those in a position like yours should not have to be reminded that when it comes to understanding the past or defending the present, we are not talking about 'we' or 'they'.
There was no 'we' or 'others'.
It was a time of chaos, everything we know about it.
'If we are completely honest, in that chaos', Esme dared to continue, 'no group in society can say that they have behaved well.
I am not blaming anyone.
What was done was done, whether it was good or bad.
It was then.
There is no need to talk more about it – that is what we agree on.
And just as it is unnecessary to make accusations, there is no need to make corrections, whether they are justified or not, even if there is some way of doing them.
But what is the past for if we do not learn lessons from it?
The past exists so that we can forget it.
If I may add one more thing --
Luther Rabinowitz broke his pyramid.
'I'll check your report,' he said, saying that it was time for Esmen to leave.
The next day, as usual, he was driven by a motorcyclist on the sidewalk who was described by passersby as 'disgusting and angry'.
Events are taking place.
Lesotho army denies planned attack; Prime Minister stays in South Africa
Officials in the Lesotho army have denied having devised an attack to overthrow the government and said that they are acting against the police, which were suspected of trying to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thabane fled the country saying that the army had seized his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital, Maseru.
The Head of State travelled with his family to a neighbouring country in South Africa after being told that he had been killed.
Mrs Ntlele Ntoi, the representative of the army, denied the attack and said that the army was responding in this way to a threat from 'political fanatics', who are said to have tried to arm the fanatics.
"The Lesotho Defence Forces took action after receiving a number of intelligence reports that some police forces are trying to arm young party fanatics when they are ready to cause problems," he told Voice of America.
According to the President of the South African Government, Clayson Monyela, the military's actions appeared to be a coup attempt.
"While no one has claimed to have toppled the government by force, the actions of the Lesotho Defence Forces are all signs of a similar coup attempt," he says.
According to Lesotho's army officials, the soldiers will return to their barracks on Sunday, and there was a peaceful atmosphere in the capital.
In the meantime, Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing is leading the government in the absence of Thabanen.
Thabane says that he believes that he is being targeted because he has tried to fight corruption.
There has been tension in Lesotho since June, when Thabane suspended the parliamentary sessions due to the differences between the large coalition government.
In doing so, he denies that he has diminished the power of the government, even though it is claimed otherwise.
Trade magazine: Microsoft sets up a data centre in New Zealand
The IT company Microsoft has set up a large data centre in New Zealand at a location the company refuses to specify.
In a communication sent to the media by Microsoft, the company states that it does not disclose the location of all its data centres for security reasons.
According to Microsoft, the centre is already fully equipped and connected to the network.
It is an investment of several hundred million dollars in Microsoft.
In public, the centre had previously been named after Oulu or Kajaania.
Microsoft is completely closing down its offices in Oulu, which will take around 500 jobs.
In all, Microsoft has announced a maximum of 1,050 redundancies in Finland.
Camilla Lindfors, communications manager at Microsoft, tells STT that the company will not comment on how many people the new data centre will employ.
The establishment of the data centre in New Zealand was announced on Monday in the Trade Journal.
Who is accused of overcrowding in traffic lights
A 78-year-old man is accused of driving over a three-year-old girl on a traffic light cruise in Fife.
Gordon Stewart is accused of driving over a girl at a crossing in Pittenween, Eastern Neuk.
According to the prosecutors, Stewart drove his Audi Q3 with caution and caused injury to the girl.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the charges at the hearing of the Dundee Sheriff.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered the trial to be held in January.
Four ways to get better water footage and videos
If you want to take pictures or videos underwater, you have a number of different equipment options to choose from.
The cheapest option is a waterproof, compact point-and-shoot camera such as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an action camera such as the GoPro Hero3+ Silver Edition, both of which cost around $300.
I myself took these pictures at a family dinner using several different cameras, each cost less than USD 350.
Regardless of the law, there are some rules that are worth following.
Always check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery and other parts of the camera are waterproof.
Additionally, adjust the camera's description settings to match the images or videos taken.
Some cameras, or combinations of a camera and a video camera, have a regulation to optimise the conditions underwater.
Furthermore – before you jump into the water, make sure you know how deep your device can go.
Some cameras are only 5 feet deep, others up to 50-60 feet deep.
Check out both standard and waterproof models in our shopping guide and review the digital cameras.
Take several pictures – many of them fail in some way.
Compact cameras are equipped with LCD displays that allow you to image, whereas action cameras often do not have this feature.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see underwater, and the shade of the image can either succeed or fail.
So take a few pictures.
If your camera also allows capture, which means taking several pictures at a time under different regulations, take advantage of this feature.
Stay close to the surface.
The light will be significantly reduced at a deeper level.
If possible, stay close to the surface when describing in a swimming pool, lake or sea.
In this way, we can also drink more colours; the deeper you go, the less colours you can see.
Try to get closer to the target you are describing.
This is important advice when describing on land, but even more important when describing under water, because light conditions are poor.
This is very important when you have an action camera: these devices often have a fixed lens with a wide angle of view, i.e. the camera must be close to the target so that the target fills the entire frame of the image.
China does not allow Hong Kong to elect its leaders – protesters win retaliation
On Sunday, the Chinese Parliament decided that Hong Kong voters should not be allowed to elect candidates for the 2017 elections, despite growing unrest demanding democratic reform.
The decision is likely to spark long-awaited protests in Hong Kong's business community after activists began planning and implementing demonstrations only hours after the decision was published.
The decision of the People's Congress of China gives the Communists practical power to remove all candidates who do not know Beijing.
"This was expected, but it is still outrageous," says Emily Lau, President of the Democratic Party.
That is not what Beijing promised.
They have lied to the Hong Kong people.
It is clear that we are dealing with an autocratic regime.
Li Fei, deputy secretary-general of the Chinese People's Congress Committee, defended the Chinese regime by saying that it would be too 'catastrophic' to stand as a general candidate in the election of the Hong Kong leader.
Since 1997, when Britain handed over Hong Kong to China, Beijing has promised the people of the region that it will choose its own leaders from 2017 onwards.
According to Chinese leaders, Sunday's decision was a democratic breakthrough because it allowed Hong Kong to vote in direct elections, but it also makes it clear that China wants to control the electoral process strictly through the appointing committee, which is administered by Beijing.
Under the new clause, only candidates who 'want the country and love Hong Kong' will be accepted.
In the summer preceding the decision, Hong Kong hosted some of the largest and most significant protests in the region in years.
The campaign for democracy was largely supported by the Occupy Central with Love and Peace movement, whose organisers have threatened to prevent the business community from taking action if Beijing does not grant Hong Kong genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday night, just hours after the decision was published, hundreds of supporters of the Occupy Central movement gathered in front of Hong Kong's main administrative buildings.
In a demonstration, the movement's organisers announced that they were entering a new era of civil disobedience and that they would create a wave of protests in the coming weeks.
However, they did not give details, apparently fearing that this would lead to problems with the authorities.
In a press release published on the network, organisers said that the movement 'considers Occupy Central as a last resort, which will only be introduced if there is no hope of dialogue and if there is no other way'.
We are very sorry to announce that today the last opportunity for dialogue has failed and that centralisation will take place.
The Hong Kong authorities have been preparing for Beijing's announcement for days, and on Sunday there were tight security measures near the government's main buildings, including police and barricades.
In Hong Kong, the unrest is fuelled by the feeling that the inhabitants are quietly losing power in their city.
The wave from the continent has created competition for goods and services.
Furthermore, there is a fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing under growing pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticised Occupy Central because its demonstrations threaten Hong Kong’s living standards – the business world.
"The process they are talking about can lead to huge financial losses, depending on how many people take part and how long it takes," says legislator Regina Ip, who has long criticised the movement.
We do not want concerns to spread that Hong Kong is getting out of hand.
Such an image would be bad for investment.
There have also been stories in the Chinese state media that Hong Kong democracy activists are the hostages of the revolutionary Western powers'.
This summer, activists organised an informal referendum on voting rights involving 780 000 people – more than a fifth of Hong Kong’s voters.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the region.
U.S. prom tradition attracts British universities: private flights for new students
We will respond with enthusiasm to this demand by establishing Britain's first luxury mode of travel for today's students.
In addition to private aircraft, the company also offers other vehicles, such as the Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1, so that the customer can ensure the most memorable arrival at the university.
According to Stewart, there is also a safety aspect to the service.
The service is the best possible alternative for students who would otherwise scatter their property across the country in cars laid down.
Combined with the many features of the VIF (VIP friends), we are ready to provide today's students with the easiest and highest-quality transport to the university.
According to the company's representative, reservations have not yet been made because the service has just been established, but added that'students will start making orders in the next few weeks'.
The company believes that there is a demand for the service, even though most students pay £9 000 in tuition fees.
Today's students are very different in terms of their expectations and aspirations from those they started studying 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, and it is more important than ever to create a memorable first impression, and VIF is exactly the right way to do that.
However, the national student organisation criticises the service, which is not realistic.
According to Megan Dunn, vice-president of the university section of the organisation, 'this service plan seems to be really far from the lives of the majority of students'.
Many people who start their studies this month are shocked at the level of their living costs, as the financial support available in the form of loans and grants has fallen behind the huge increase in basic living costs, and only then can we start to think about what thousands of them could be used for something as simple as getting into a fight.
For sale of the Ipswich 'cauliflower house'
The real estate agents removed the sales image of a house for sale in Suffolk when they noticed that there was a big pig lying in the living room of the house.
A house with one bedroom, costing GBP 120 000, is located along a private road in Ipswich.
The announcement contained a picture of a living room where a pig lays its head in the fire.
According to property agent Connells, the pig in the picture is the owner's pet.
"However, one of them ended up in an accident and has since been removed," says the company's representative.
In the announcement, Connells describes the former meeting room as 'a unique one-bedroom house'.
Although the real estate agency has removed the image from its website, it still appears in the advertisements.
The sale of the house has generated interest on social media, where it has been possible to determine whether pigs are included in the price of the house.
Torres confirmed departure, Kagawa returns from ManU to Dortmund
Spanish late Fernando Torres' departure from Chelsea was secured, but the substitute entered with almost the same opening door.
Chelsea announced that they had signed a four-year contract with French club Loic Remy's neighbouring club QPR.
According to press reports, the trade price is EUR 13 million.
Torres, 30, will move to AC Milan with a two-year loan agreement.
He moved from Chelsea to Liverpool with an unprecedented £50 million four years ago, but never lived up to his expectations.
His decision was also taken on the unsuccessful trip to Manchester United by Japanese player Shinji Kagawa.
Kagawa is expected to return to Borussia Dortmund in Germany, where he made his breakthrough before moving to ManU.
According to press reports, the trade price is around EUR 8 million.
Kagawa's recent agreement is four years old.
I wanted to make my dream come true in the Valioliiga.
Now I am happy to be a man of Dortmund again.
This is a great team and a wonderful environment, said Kagawa.
The second Bundesliga club, the Berlin Hertha, will be strengthened by Salomon Kalou.
Côte d'Ivoire national footballers are moving from Lille, France, to Herthaa, with an estimated transfer fee of around EUR 3 million.
Before Lille Kalou, 29, saved the years 2006-12 in Chelsea.
Eight dead in Paris skyscraper explosion
The death toll rose following Monday's explosion in eight suburbs of Paris.
On Sunday, 11 people were injured, four of them seriously, in a mudslide in the suburb of Rosny-sous-Bois.
Rescuers were still searching for survivors from the ruins of the house on Monday, but hopes of finding the rescued disappeared.
The initial cause of the explosion has been suspected of gas leakage.
The explosion occurred early Sunday and was so powerful that it damaged buildings in the radiation of over a hundred metres.
Our whole house was moving: we were free from fear.
The explosion was so strong that our ears were singing," said Maryline Yyvon, a neighbour of the classroom.
An emergency shelter for the inhabitants of the house was already installed in the nearby school on Sunday.
Part of Only Life at 17 p.m.
The only life series stars will be presented at the event.
The stars of the programme met earlier in the day for the first time after a series of descriptions.
Some of the stars will be seen from the beginning of the morning in the media at the television fairs known as the Nelon Expo.
On the occasion, Nelonen Media will present its software for the trial with the power of dozens of squares
Autumn Only Life will feature Vesa-Matti Loiri, Samuli Edelmann, Paula Koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, Elastinen and Toni Wirtanen.
Some of them will therefore be present during the evening and in direct contact with the ICTY.
The event begins with a presentation of the autumn software by Sebastian Rejman from the various channels of Nelonen Media.
After the screening, the ISTV camera team will seek out the Only Life stars for interviews.
The article has been updated: The All Only Life speakers are not present for the evening event.
The information that has just come out suggests that the start of the event may be slightly delayed.
Not all mobile devices will see the broadcast.
HJK receives a player from Trinidad and Tobago
HJK, which has made it to the European League, is getting a new player from Trinidad and Tobago.
According to the country's main club, W Connection FC, HJK has signed a loan agreement with Joevin Jones.
Joevin Jones is a 23-year-old midfielder who has scored 28 goals in 55 matches at W Connection.
Jones has played 35 matches for Trinidad and Tobago national team.
According to the soccer website Socawarriors, the first to report on the move, Jones has been one of the stars of the TT Pro league for the past two seasons.
According to W Connection, Jones will be travelling to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
Bulgarian prison staff hold national protest
Hundreds of prison workers across Bulgaria demonstrated in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital, Sofia.
In a peaceful demonstration, they declared that they wanted the old working rules, which were recently amended, back.
Salary increases are also to be discussed with Mr Hristo Ivanov, the interim Minister for Justice.
For a month now, prison officials have been symbolically protesting against the new working hours, saying that they want to return to the old 24-hour working time system.
Despite a meeting between the prison workers' organisation and representatives of the Ministry of Justice, no agreement was reached, Bulgarian National Radio (BNR) reports.
Negotiations are under way, Rosen Zhelyazkov, Director of the Directorate-General for the Implementation of Judgments, told BNR.
Members of the Trade Union of Prison Workers of the Ministry of the Interior are also expected to be involved in the protests of the prison workers' organisation.
Football: Fans' enthusiasm almost overwhelmed: Sasu Salin was out on the field
The ball, Sasu Salin, was the embodiment of Finland's victory today.
He was able to forget the roots of his US matches and to lay the blood of Ukraine's second half with his staggering solutions.
But Salin gave all the credit to the Susifans - and did so in the following way:
I thought I would go there at the end of the day, it was such a great encouragement.
There was nothing in the eyes, nothing could be done.
That forest and the white sea of the public was almost too much for me.
There were nine surfaces in the hall at high speed, balloon fights, drums and drumming, wherever it happened.
I do not know how that happened, but I got into a flow situation where everything worked out.
They will come to some place, now quite unintellectually important, Sasu whispered.
That is my role.
Do all that.
Now it was nice to see that others were also caught.
It hit the whole gang.
Salin is the team's cheerleader and inspiration, so it is no wonder that his example brought the whole team to flight, which was too much for a big and hard-working Ukrainian five.
Finland at the World Cup after a 32-year break: The latter reminded me of an outrageous court game
Heikki Montonen (all) was the head coach of Finland at the 1982 World Cup in Argentina.
Thirty-two years have passed since the Finnish men's national football team saved for the last time in the World Cup.
Seppo Sirkka was the only Finnish photographer at the 1982 tournament in Argentina, where the legendary Reino Kosonen was Finland's second coach and current player-agent Jouni Parkkali was a general player.
Kosonen and Parkkali remember one thing from the tournament as from yesterday: it was a firefight against France in the first half.
"The referee's game on the balls in that match was terrible," recalled Mr Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams had already taken over.
Suddenly, the game continued.
We confused it 2-3, and then passports mixed even more," said Parkkali.
Finland rescued head coach Heikki Montosen and eventually placed 17th.
Now Finland is once again in the world's ranks when the Polish World Cup gets under way on Saturday.
Many things have changed drastically in the international aviation world over the last 32 years.
The strengths of the players are roughly the same as before, but there is now more quality and skill.
Player averages have also increased.
The game is faster and faster," said Parkkali.
But what about Poland?
Finnish players' equipment has expanded and the burden can be shared.
I expect Finland to move on from the initial stage.
Then we can get tough," Kosonen said.
Seppo Sirkka
Olli Nenonen, Jouko Juvonen and Jukka Savio were attacked in a winning match against Tunisia.
The current player-agent, Jouni Parkkali, was a general player in the World Cup.
It is to be hoped that 17th place will now be recorded.
South Korea and Tunisia should go down", said Parkkali.
Breed legend Reino Kosonen was the national team's second-half coach in Argentina.
Jukka Savio, Mauri Leppänen and Kari Körkkö took the lead in the Tunisia match.
Sauna and sunbathing at the Merchants' Church in Buenos Aires were part of the national team's programme at the 1982 World Cup.
Kari Kalin (all) danced with his teammates.
Young Star song contest finals contested - no victory for South Karelia
The winners of the Young Star song contest, Veera Vento and Veeti Tikkanen, did not advance to victory.
Other investments were not published in the competition.
According to referee Teija Immosen, the competition has been favoured.
It is a good experience.
The finalists will also record the songs of the competition.
There are always wonderful memories of competition moments, says Immonen.
Finnish tourists rescue the Citakoira in Norway: "These men deserve all praise"
When Norwegian Merethe Mikkelsen and her dogs were stranded in the mountains on Thursday, Antti and Tuomo Soini bravely offered their help.
At the weekend, Mikkelsen searches for 'international heroes' on Facebook to thank his helpers once again.
At a public Facebook event, Mr Mikkelsen said that the Cita dog with him in the mountains on Thursday hit his throat.
The tired dog was no longer able to walk in the steep terrain.
I tried to put it down myself, but I did not succeed, so I had to let it be.
I tried many times to attract it and push it a little bit forward, but its legs did not just stand, Mikkelsen writes in his update.
According to Mikkelsen, no help came from the police, from a nearby hotel or from passersby.
In the darkness of the night, the situation began to look threatening.
Fortunately, there were two scouts who were ready to help: the manipulator Antti Soini and his father Tuomo.
The men had visited the highest mountain in Norway, Galdhøpiggen, and headed for their camp when they saw a woman and a dog in the middle of the mountain front.
(Mikkelsen) was relatively calm.
We offered to help him with a dog, says Antti Soini in his message to Ilta-Sanom.
Shortly thereafter, a German man who was carrying a tourist passport also happened to be present.
From Patja to Cita there were a couple of cases where an injured dog was caught.
The Germanman came a moment after us, when we thought about what to do with the dog and carried the dog down the fence for a moment, says Soini.
Tuomo Soini
The dog was brought down by means of a hiking boat.
According to Soin, the performance was not physically heavy, but bearing in difficult terrain was slow.
After about an hour and a half, however, Cita was happily brought down.
After that, Mr Mikkelsen is still searching on Facebook for 'international heroes' to thank them once again.
The soldiers responded to him on Sunday, but apparently the Germanman is still not reaching out.
I do not know what I would have done without these gentlemen, Mr Mikkelsen rejoices.
If they had not helped me, we would not necessarily have come back.
I would like to find these people because I feel that I have not thanked them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all the thanks and honour, and I am forever grateful to them.
On the night before Monday, the Soldiers were already on their way home.
They had received delightful rumours from Mikkelsen: - Cita is said to be doing better!
Susanna Mälkkiä to become mayor of Helsinki City Orchestra
The three-year period of the label will start in autumn 2016 and end in spring 2019.
The proposal also contains the option of two additional periods.
She began her career as such.
He is an internationally renowned bandmaster and won the Pro Finlandia medal in 2011.
At present, the mayor of the city orchestra is John Storgårds.
Ladies and Gentlemen Ladies and Gentlemen The Ladies and Gentlemen series returns to the moon today after the summer break.
The name suggestive of the period raises questions.
Finland's most popular sailing series Kauniit ja rohkeat returns today from the summer break.
The name of the return period suggests 'Good luck with Eric's team'.
The programme picture at the end of the evening shows the following:
Eric and Donna talk about the human relationship of love, order boxed food, drink white wine and remember their love history.
Eric is faithful to his clown style.
He has chosen a lighter white for dinner.
Ridge provides Katie with support in dealing with the trauma caused by Brooke and Bill.
Ridge, too, has not yet overcome his problems.
Bill is in Brooke to clarify his own contradictions.
Brooke does not like the man going there trying to get him back.
'I want Ridgen, not you, Bill.'
Genetic difference is often misdiagnosed
For years, a British woman feared death due to the wrong diagnosis.
Karin Rodgers, for the most part, when she was young, thought that she had only a few years to live because she had been diagnosed with another disease.
He was, in fact, suffering from the Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT), which is a series of inherited diseases that damage the nerves outside the brain and the spinal cord.
According to charity Charity CMT UK, misdiagnosis is a common problem in CMT cases because there is so little knowledge of it.
It is estimated that some 23 000 people in the UK suffer from CMT, a disease that causes motor disorders such as muscle weakness, difficulty walking and tingling of the thighs.
The disease can also cause sensitivity or pain, and it is unrepairable and progressing, which means that the symptoms get worse over time.
When Rodgers was 13 years old, he thought he was suffering from Friedreich's FA, which has a really bad survival rate.
Rodgers believed that he would be in a wheelchair before he turned 18 and die before he reached the age of 30.
Today, a 51-year-old mother of two says, 'As a child, I knew I could not do the same things as the others.
I fell every day and I spent more time on everything than others.
I was never able to roll or play with other children, and I was harassed at school because I was walking and drinking differently from others.
When Rodgers was 13 years old, he was subjected to a series of axle-shoulder cuts to protect his legs, and when the doctor left the room, he quickly looked through his research papers saying that he was suffering from FA.
"I felt guilty because I was so curious, so I didn't tell anyone, but when I got home, I checked the information about the disease in the library and wrote to the FA Association," he says.
When I heard from them, I was shocked and panicked.
I thought I would be in a wheelchair by the age of 18 and die before I reached the age of 25, and in the meantime I would quietly lose all my ability to function.
I went through this myself and planned my own funerals.
Rodgers says that by the age of 17, he said that his walking had not deteriorated as much as he thought and asked his doctor about this.
The doctor just hugged me and said, 'Girl of gold, I do not think you have this disease because otherwise you would be in a wheelchair'.
I think you are suffering from a much less dangerous disease.
On the basis of some genetic tests, he was diagnosed with CMT.
"When I was told what CMT was, I thought I would be delayed," he says.
Charity CMT UK organises the CMT month to draw attention to the disease.
One hundred migrants found in a coal mine in Macedonia
The Macedonian authorities have found more than a hundred illegal immigrants on a coal-carrying train, the country's interior ministry said Monday.
The sailors were mostly Syrian and Iraqi refugees.
The train was coming from Greece.
The migrants were found late Sunday in Veles, central Macedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with most of them.
They did not know where they were, where they came from and where they were going," said Interior Minister Ivo Koteski.
According to the police, the migrants had paid around EUR 3 000 each to get to Greece, and an additional EUR 800-900 to get to Serbia.
A large number of illegal immigrants pass through Macedonia, a country of a few million inhabitants, on their journey to Western Europe.
Three million people have already fled the bloody civil war in Syria.
Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai back Scottish independence
The pop bands Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined the supporters of Scottish independence.
According to the Guardian, the bands are focusing on a concert in Edinburgh in a few weeks' time to support the independence project.
There will be a referendum on Scottish independence on 18 September.
When he was informed, Mr Mogwai said that the vote was an opportunity for Scottish people that happens only once in a lifetime.
In the past, the actor Sean Connery, among others, has supported independence.
Instead, for example, British actors Paul McCartney and David Bowie have appealed to the Scots to remain part of Britain.
In Gallup, the supporters of independence have been defeated.
Craftsmen's difficulties continued in the middle of the summer - Country news - Ilta-Sanomat
The downhill trade in goods also continued in July, says the Daily Goods Trading Group.
According to the report, trade in goods and hypermarket chains in July was 3.2% lower than a year ago.
The worst has been the sale of home and leisure products, whose turnover fell by more than 7% year-on-year.
Clothing products were also sold significantly less well than last summer.
On the other hand, the retail value of daily goods grew by almost 3% in July compared to a year ago.
The biggest increases in sales were in small shops and large supermarkets.
Over the first year, from January to July, turnover in department stores and hypermarkets has fallen by more than 2%.
On the other hand, sales of daily goods have increased by almost 1%.
Joan Rivers family 'wishes for the best'
Joan Rivers has been unconscious since she was brought to a hospital in downtown New York, but her daughter was today hopeful that the 81-year-old judge would recover from her illness.
“Thank you for your continued love and support”, Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
His mother was admitted to Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday due to a heart attack, according to sources, when the Yorkville Endoscopy Clinic on the Upper East Side reported an emergency to the hospital.
The doctors will deliberately keep him calm with medication and monitor his condition closely until his current serious condition is restored.
The case has generated widespread public reaction, and for example Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have offered support online.
Areva-Siemens: Olkitype third reactor to be completed in mid-2016
Areva has provided the Industrial Power TVO with an updated timetable for Olkiluoto 3.
According to the information provided by Areva, the recent delays in the project are mainly due to the application for approval of the reactor's automation systems.
The project is already years behind schedule.
In May, the ILO did not give any estimate of the timeframe for the completion of the third reactor.
Nastola donated 1.4 hectares of coastal land to Bottab - worth around €60000
The Nastola municipal government donated to Valtteri Bottakse a 1.4 hectare coastal pond off the coast of Kärkjärvi in Villähte.
The local government showed fair sportsmanship and was unanimous in its decision.
No rumours were heard at the meeting when the quota was decided, says Mayor Pauli Syyrakki.
There are farm buildings in Botswana - seven in total.
With one exception, they will be dismantled this year.
Mr Bottas has promised to build a leisure residence on the site within two years.
We are taken to mean that she has enjoyed her birthplace and wants to be here in the future as well.
Valtteri has visited minors every year to tell them about his sporting career and his life.
And hopefully it will continue, the mayor says.
The Governor estimates the financial value of the coastal zone to be between EUR 40000 and 60000.
The beach is low and child-friendly.
The area has been owned by the municipality for over ten years.
With varying success over the decades, Nastola has been able to keep sporting successes alive through talented people in the community.
Aki Parviainen, the world champion in speed skating, and Tuuli Matinsalo, the world champion in aerobics, received home grants from the municipality and built helpless homes.
However, they did not stay in Naples but sold their property and moved away.
Parviainen and Matinsalon came to Nastola for work and then moved to another place after the situation had changed.
Bottas is a native of Nassau and his situation is different, Syria is at the core and believes in Bottas' permanent homeland.
Hull celebrates the attacker with a record number of followers of Hernandez
Hull invested a record amount of follow-up money in the acquisition of Uruguay national team player Abel Hernandez.
Hernandez will replace Hull's Italian owner from Palermo with £9.5 million, or around EUR 12 million.
The agreement is three years old.
Hernandez scored 14 goals in the last season when Palermo won Serie B and advanced to Italy's top division.
In the Uruguay national team, he has scored seven goals in 14 matches.
At the World Championships last summer, Hernandez made two appearances as a substitute.
Abel is a fantastic acquisition and shows how far we have come in a short time, said Hull coach Steve Bruce.
On Monday, Hull said he had also acquired Senegal's national team captain Mohamed Diamen from West Ham.
Russian space mission failed - geeks sent on a sex trip died
The Russian Federation's space agency Roscosmos reports that five small craters have died as a result of an increase in Russian space activity.
The geeks travelled in the hands of the Foton-M4 satellite for more than a month and a half.
The satellite returned on Monday morning, Finnish time.
The aim of the experiment was to investigate the reproductive capacity and use of clutches in a stress-free environment.
The meeting was attended by one urogekko and four girls.
Although the experiment sounds like a divergence, it was intended to be serious.
Little is known about the effects of inertia, for example, on the development of fertile eggs.
The effects on the geeks can be used to try to predict the effects of weightlessness on people in a situation similar to that in which they are for longer periods of time, New Statesman observed in July.
According to Roscosmos, the time and cause of death of the gekose will be clarified.
According to the Interfax news agency, passengers who had been christened as'six-digits' were stranded.
What is also surprising is that the fruit buds that travelled in the same photon-M4 were able to survive the trip without difficulty, and they also had re-growth.
France arrests suspected terrorists at Nice airport
France arrested a man suspected of terrorism at Nice airport on Saturday.
A 22-year-old man is suspected of acting as a recruit for a jihadist group operating in Syria.
The French authorities reported on this on Sunday.
The authorities were able to track down the man after he had persuaded a 16-year-old girl to go to Syria with money.
The girl was supposed to fly to Turkey and cross the Syrian border there.
The airline did not believe the woman's explanation that she was going to visit her grandmother in Istanbul, but alerted the authorities.
The authorities contacted the father of the girl, who was completely unaware of her intentions, and told the authorities that there was no family in Turkey.
According to the authorities, the man is from Chechnya, but he now lives in France.
The French intelligence authorities had already followed the man's actions.
In France, the authorities have been concerned that radicalised young people attracted to wars in Iraq or Syria pose a security risk for France as well.
The authorities estimate that some 800 French citizens, or those in French books, have travelled to Syria during the last conflict, returned there or are planning to leave for Syria.
Koponen: We have a good chance of winning
The hopes of the national football team for a seat are at stake when Finland faces Ukraine today in the second match of the World Cup.
If the key losses to the United States were expected, Ukraine would once again be among those countries from which Finland should take the necessary profits to relocate.
Ukraine is a good team, but I believe that we have a good chance of winning, Mr Koponen predicts.
Ukraine beat the Dominican Republic 72-62 on Saturday in their first match of the Games.
The crowd is trained by NBA veteran Mike Fratello, under whose command Ukraine plays aggressive basketball.
The key player in Ukraine is player Eugene "Pooh" Jeter, whose sister Carmelita Jeter is a world champion in the 100 metres three years ago.
Jeter scored 16 points against the Dominican Republic.
Mr Jeter, come on, but yes, we have been playing against them before and we need to put our standard defence in order, said Mr Koponen.
Hanno Möttöl promised that Finland would play better than yesterday's defeat to the United States.
We must find our strengths again.
I can guarantee that there will be a normal flock of horses on the ground, Mr Möttöla said.
Alleged Hollywood stars' jokes spread online - part confirmed as genuine
There are a number of pornographic images on the Internet which allegedly portray well-known public figures.
The actress Jennifer Lawrence, among others, has been the victim of a 'picture campaign'.
The entertainment website TMZ has published a hateful comment by Lawrence's representatives, which appears to confirm the truth of the images.
This is a flagrant violation of privacy.
The authorities have been contacted and anyone who publishes (on the Internet) the stolen images of Jennifer Lawrence will be prosecuted, the representatives threaten.
According to the TMZ, the actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead has confirmed that the images she is shown are genuine.
She had taken these pictures years ago with her husband.
When I know that these pictures were destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine what a terrible effort it took to do so.
I sympathise with all those who have been the victims of hacking, he writes.
On the contrary, the actor Victoria Justice claims that the images passing in her name are forged.
At least Kate Upton, Kirsten Dunst, Ariana Grande, Hope Solo, Krysten Ritter, Yvonne Strahovski and Teresa Palmer are also on the scene with genuine or counterfeit pornography.
The Honka fleet criticised its own: 'Do not do enough work to get out of here'
FC Honka is currently in the last place in the Football League.
The comments made by Walter Viita on Wednesday, following Sunday's VPS match, are a very good illustration of the confused situation we are in.
I have not had a goalkeeper for four months.
But everything has to adapt," Viitala said after the 1-2 loss.
Honka made a lot of defensive errors in the game, especially in the first half.
In March, Viitala was not happy about a bad defence game.
The passenger traffic in Hong Kong has been busy this summer, and that is why the defenders in front of Estonia have also moved at a steep pace.
With the Players' Charter, many young players have also been given opportunities that they might not even have deserved.
"They are not doing enough to get out of here at some point," Viitala shouted without naming any individual players.
Hong Kong's head coach, Shefki Kuqi, agreed to some extent with Estonia.
"I told certain players after the game that if you come to the gyms and games to have fun and you think you're a wrestler and you don't have to work, you're probably in the wrong team," Kuqi said.
I have given many young people time to play.
If they do not want to take this opportunity, it is not my fault.
However, Kuqi also recalled that players cannot be expected to succeed immediately when players are constantly changing.
We have not had the same composition twice in a row in this period.
Above all, the defence front has changed.
That is the main reason why we are on this path", Kuqi said.
Following the defeat of the VPS, the honk is in the league table, on par with the second and last TPS.
There are still seven rounds left in the league, so there is still time for the pre-runners to avoid falling to Ykkönen.
I have never beaten the team, and I am not going to beat them now either.
We really will not get out of this series," said Viitala.
Lars von Trier on a television series after decades of break
Film director Lars von Trier plans to return to television.
The Danish director is preparing a television series called The House That Jack Built.
Louise Vesth, producer of Trier's films, spoke about the series at the Venice Film Festival on Monday.
According to the production company Zentropa, the series of descriptions should start in 2016.
Mr Trier is reported to be working on a series of manuscripts starting this autumn.
The series is in English.
This secret project is also reported by Peter Aalbæk Jensen, a long-time partner of Trier, a producer known for his hard marketing rhetoric.
According to him, a similar series 'has never been seen and will never be seen'.
'Keep your breathing', says Aalbæk Jensen in the press release.
Lars von Trier, 58, has been known in recent years for his high-profile media appearances and films such as Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
In the 1990s, he directed the television series The Kingdom.
01.09.2014 15:20 The supermarket chain Lidl seems to have gained the support of the Finns, at least if there is confidence in the results.
The turnover of Lidl Finland Commandiittiyhtiö, a trading group operating in Lidl Finland, continued to grow during the period ending at the end of February.
The company also increased its profits.
The pre-tax result amounted to EUR 79.6 million, up from EUR 56.4 million a year earlier.
For its part, turnover rose from EUR 960 million to EUR 1.2 billion.
Growth was 25%.
The company, which increased its market shares, also improved its revenue from EUR 61 million to EUR 84 million.
The turnover rate was 7.1.
Lidl, owned by Germany, will have a period of business from the beginning of March to the end of February.
The company says it paid a tax of EUR 13.7 million to Finland for the period ending in February.
The company, which has been continuously expanding its retail chain, has announced that it will invest EUR 100 million in Finland this year.
There are currently 142 Lidl stores in Finland, employing more than 4 000 people.
The first stores opened in 2002.
Ice Bucket challenger wins from home
The British, Isabelle Roberts, fled so hard when she was covered with ice-cold water that it damaged the strength of her face.
This Ice Bucket challenge ended painfully badly.
A woman has been treated after she escaped the Ice Bucket Challenge with such tenacity that her lungs have gone out of place.
Isabelle Roberts fled so hard when she was covered with ice-cold water that she damaged the structure of her face.
"The water was so cold that I just ran away, but as I ran away I felt my lungs started to stiffen," she tells The Mirror.
Ice is poured over a 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts moments before the accident
I tried to close my mouth, but I could not, my cheek was blocked, and then I realised that something was wrong.
Then my mother and my brother-in-law noticed the same thing and started laughing, but I had to thank the emergency services.
A 20-year-old Briton who took part in the super popular challenge on Tuesday was taken to hospital where the leukaemia was put back in place.
The videotape has become an Internet censorship and has been shared thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Viewpoint on the hunting of dogs (also): How can the increase in the number of fans be explained?
Today was a great day.
This is what basketball player Sakari Pehkonen said in 1995, when Finland had played against France in the European Championships at the Marouss Football Club in Athens.
Mr Pehkonen did not exaggerate.
I remember the game when I was there.
That was also the case for the 100 or so Finnish people who shouted at the 20 000 spectators' boat, otherwise I would have been in the middle of nowhere.
What would Mr Pehkonen have said 19 years later, after the Finnish-Ukrainian match at the World Cup?
In Bilbao there are 80 times as many Finnish fans as there are 100 Finnish fans.
The 1995 European Championships were a search and rescue period for Finnish basketball.
The men raced their way to the finals by winning, among other things, a Russian carnival match at the Helsinki Sports Hall.
That victory opened the door to a European club.
Everything looked good.
There were promising young people, such as Hanno Möttöl.
Head coach Henrik Dettmann put Möttöla on a limestone boat for the finals.
A solution on which many disagreed.
Now we can say that Dettmann was far from wise, even though not everything went according to the manuscript.
After Athens, the national basketball team went deep.
In Athens, there were, of course, a little over a hundred Finnish athletes in total.
This included journalists, relatives of players, Finnish basketball coaches and a few fans.
In Bilbao too, there are journalists, relatives and guardians, but there are also fans.
And there are many of them.
The phenomenon has grown to unimaginable proportions.
Nobody will be able to say exactly how many Finnish tourists there are.
Estimates range from 7 500 to 10 000.
Whatever number there is, it is an absolutely incomprehensible number.
There is an explanation for sports psychologists here.
In a global world economy, businesses move across borders.
In sport, we still have the opportunity to look at how we are doing internationally.
As mobility increases, we can go and see how our girls and boys are succeeding in the world, says Hannu Itkonen, professor of physical physiology.
Certainly, both in Spain and in the football World Cup in Poland, there are Finns who are applying for a pension.
Shared experience.
However, that does not explain everything.
Sport itself must also have an appeal.
It will make sport a part of the popular culture.
It is a lower threshold to go to sporting games than to go to Berlin to see art.
Without success, however, the masses will not be mobilised.
Let us go back to 1995.
At that time, the head coach, Dettmann, asked the basketball federation and the players to give in to professional excellence.
Almost ten years have passed since then.
Then the trend changed and national team activities were brought on board.
The Air Force did the same a little earlier.
Now both are enjoying the fruits of their work.
As Mr Itkonen says, both species have succeeded in producing their top sport, in which the holy trinity operates: sports media sponsors.
Then the public will also be interested.
And the media have taught us what such carnival support is, Itkonen recalls.
Will the balloonists be willing to transfer this massive interest to indigenous species too?
On average, football and volleyball are played for hundreds or slightly more than a thousand viewers.
I think it is a good question and not necessarily an answer that would be very good for the species.
The second school believes that interest is shifting.
The second is one who does not want a sweet ham full.
This young man is ready for a lifelong journey to the World Cup, but in their basic thinking, the domestic series are not at all interesting.
It is a challenge for the followers in the midst of the drugs.
Verification of the boat site in Bottak - almost 1.5 hectares off the lakeshore
Nastola rewards Formula One driver Valtteri Bottakse with a beachcoat.
At its meeting on Monday, the municipal government unanimously approved the donation of 1.4 hectares.
There will be a holiday home in the future.
The success of Bottak in Naples has been monitored since its charter period.
They are being exploited as a messenger medicine to market Lahti, the Lahti district and Nastola.
The shop is located in Koiskala, on the banks of Lake Kärk.
It has been acquired by the municipality of Nastola as part of a larger property transaction.
There are seven demolition sites in the area, of which six will be demolished at the expense of the municipality by the end of this year.
Bottas won his fourth prize-winning position in the Belgian Formula One competition this year.
He is fifth in the World Cup.
Bottas was born in Naples and lived in Villähte in his childhood.
He lives in England at the moment, but he goes to Naples whenever there are free formulas.
Mr Bottas has visited high schools and youth centres.
Design clothing comes - but hardly for the poor
It will present and test them at the U.S. Open, which is currently taking place in New York.
Ralph Lauren's smart chips are tested by football players on the ground, but Marcus Giron, an amateur at the top of university players, also likes them.
According to him, the boat will help him to monitor his own development and regulate his recovery.
Silver sensors have been fitted to the breastplate, which transmit the information to the moustache in the breast and from there to the smartphone or tablet.
The donors measure the heart rate, the rhythm of breathing, stress and steps.
The pump, which acts as a central unit, will be removed before the rod is thrown into the washing machine.
The fashion house has not indicated the exact time of the start of the sale or even hinted at the price, the Tech Times reports.
Raph Lauren is not the only company to invest in intelligence requirements.
Athos, a Californian, has introduced smart passports and smart shorts.
They measure blood flow, breathing and muscle work.
The demands cost a hundred dollars per unit and the central unit the size of a cup they require costs two hundred dollars.
Red Orbit also wrote about technology.
Fictional way to save on textbooks
The cost of university books in America exceeds USD 1 000 for many students, so Matt Schroeder, who is about to start his second year of study, has come up with a fantastic way to save on costs.
He developed a system whereby students in subsequent years would borrow their books for nominal compensation rather than selling them back at the same time.
“My mathematics book would normally have cost $180; I paid $10 for the whole book and a ton of buttermilk,” says 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying at Covenant College in Georgia.
Mr Schroeder says that his last book would normally have cost USD 430.
Instead, he spent 120 dollars on them.
According to the university's board of directors, the average student spends more than USD 1 200 a year on textbooks and school supplies, but students have many ways of reducing these costs.
Students are increasingly turning to creative approaches such as online shopping and Schroeder's idea.
More and more students are renting textbooks so that they can use the book throughout the course and pay significantly less than the students who buy the book.
According to Neebo Inc, a company that sells over 250 campus books, book rentals have doubled since 2011.
According to statistics from the industry, around a quarter of the books sold by university bookstores last spring were rental books, says Trevor Meyer, president of Neebo.
According to the National Association of College Stores, less than half of all books are purchased from college bookstores.
Here the simplest way to save clear money.
Online shopping
In online shops, a new book can only be purchased for a third of the price it would pay in a bookshop fight.
The recommendation price for the ninth edition of Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler's 'Calculus' is close to $290, but Chegg.com's special books online bookshop will sell the book for $239.99.
Purchase in use
Used books are a good option if the reader is not disturbed by other people's memories and exaggerated appearance.
For example, the 'Calculus' book can be used on Chegg.com for $93.49.
Last year student at Brigham Young University Matt Casaday, 25, says he bought the book 'Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business' from Amazon.com for only $0.42.
The new book would have cost $48.
Ingrid Bracey, head of Amherst's College Without Walls at the University of Massachusetts, and other academics recommend that students ask their professors if they can use the old prints in the course.
Sometimes the reforms of the new heading are not essential for education.
In this case, the old print can only be found at a fraction of the price that a new one should pay.
In addition to Chegg and Amazon bookstores, eBay Inc's Half.com is a popular place to buy used books.
Rental
It is worth considering leasing textbooks if you take good care of them, remember to return them and need them once you have completed the course.
Renting can save more than 80% of the price of a new book.
For example, renting a book called 'Calculus' for the whole period of reading costs around $20.
Find out more about the rules of the leasing company, such as notes, the use of the rate of increase and the costs incurred.
Stay tuned for the rental period: if you forget to return the book, the late payment can be higher than the book purchase price.
E-books
Getting e-books instead of ordinary papers may also come into question.
Sometimes these books are rented out, paying for the right to use the e-book to its owner, for example Amazon.com, Chegg or Barnes & Noble Inc.
Chegg buys the 'Calculus' e-book for six months for around 61 dollars.
According to Bracey, many students of literature are saving the most because many classics can now be downloaded free of charge, whereas science and technology books can be very expensive.
It is worth comparing the different sellers, whichever option you choose.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon start Pepperdine Law School, recommends using the ISBN number to determine the price, as this will help to ensure that you are looking for the right book.
Before you order online, make sure the book is in stock, says Gault.
He himself learns from this standpoint.
The delivery of the book he bought lasted four weeks, and he finally had to buy the book at full cost from the university bookstore.
Tampere Legioona Theatre celebrates its 20th anniversary
The theatre, founded in 1994, fights against unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
Anyone who wishes to perform is welcome.
Organise free-form recreational activities for the long-term unemployed aged 17-35.
Proposals often take a position on society.
In recent years, they have presented, among other things, the depressing Depressio Moderata, Jáminäminä! - humorous stories of humour and classical compositions.
Believes that every person can change his or her own life.
Almost double number of people killed in fires compared to last year
This year, fires have killed nearly twice as many people as last year.
According to media monitoring by the Finnish Civil Protection Agency (Spek), 55 people have already died in 49 different fires so far.
At the same time last year, 31 people were killed by fires.
The majority of those killed, 36, were men.
There have been 11 people over the age of 65.
According to the organisation's fire statistics, the worst situation was last in 2009, when 64 people died in the fires by the end of August.
The majority of fire deaths occur in homes.
There have been 17 fire deaths in county hospitals, 21 in home settings and seven in row and other small settings.
The spec reminds us of the multiplication of fire safety at home.
At least, according to Spek, the operation of all fire alarms at home should be ensured.
Furthermore, everyone should check that the start-up instruments are easily accessible.
There must also be an unimpeded exit route from all household premises.
Children should also be told what electrical appliances they can use when they are alone at home.
NATO Summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
Opponents of the NATO Summit protested in Newport last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport to march against NATO.
On Sunday, some 150 people gathered at the City Hall in Cardiff for the so-called'reciprocal summit'.
Stephen Fairclough followed events at the weekend and spoke to demonstrators who had even arrived from Belgium.
Young people rescued by plane from the Blue Mountains of Australia
ONE teenage skier was taken to safety after having spent the night in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Australia.
A 16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old man left to watch Govetts Leap to Blackheath on Sunday after midday.
Families were concerned about young people who had not returned home and called the police at 8 p.m.
A search party composed of local police and aid workers was sent to search for young people and the couple were found around 23 o'clock near the Bridal Veil tubes.
The girl had broken her leg, and the man had fallen and cut his head.
The police spent the night with a couple, and they were taken into custody on Monday morning.
Patients were taken by ambulance to Blue Mountains Hospital and their condition was stable.
Ukrainian soldiers withdraw from Luhansk airport
The Ukrainian forces have withdrawn from Luhansk airport.
According to the Ukrainian army, the soldiers were given a withdrawal blockade.
According to Ukraine, the paratroopers have tightly intercepted Russian tanks on the ground.
According to the representative of the army, the counter-attack has been so precise that the shooter is probably Russian professional soldiers.
Seven Ukrainian soldiers have died in the past 24 hours.
Yesterday, a Ukrainian ship carrying rocket plumes off the coast of south-eastern Ukraine sank in the Aryan Sea this morning, according to the border guard.
Eight marines have been rescued and two are still missing.
The border guards were not sure where the ship was fired from.
Yesterday, the separatists announced on social media that they had quit.
According to the Russian Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, Russia will not attack Ukraine.
However, Lavrov insisted that the Ukrainian troops must immediately withdraw to positions from which they cannot fire on civilians.
According to the Foreign Minister, the negotiations in Minsk today between Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE should result in an immediate ceasefire without conditions.
Lavrov also recalled that Russia will respond to possible new economic sanctions.
Firstly, we will protect our own interests, our economy, the social sector, our businesses.
At the same time, we will also draw conclusions from the actions of our partners, Lavrov threatened.
Heavy rains flooded Malmö and Copenhagen
On Sunday, the streets of Malmö and Copenhagen were blocked by torrential rains in southern Sweden and Denmark.
Floodwater would cover many roads, confuse traffic and bury cars alone.
On Sunday, authorities estimated that the flooding could last, despite the rains being forecast to stop on Monday.
The Swedish authorities were surprised by the harsh rains, and no prior weather warning was given.
Ari Mustala, a daily meteorologist at the Finnish Institute of Meteorology, estimates that the rainfall suffered in the area was very local.
The catchment area appears narrow and permanent.
No wonder it has been difficult to predict.
The French Socialists should 'be quiet and help France', says French Prime Minister Francois Hollande
Valls called on the deeply divided left to'show their feelings' towards the difficult Socialist President, whose new government did not win the approval of the French majority.
The President deserves the respect of everyone, he deserves our loyalty, our support.
"It is our duty to stand by him," Valls said, receiving applause.
In a reassuring gesture, the Prime Minister called on the government to put an end to France's controversial 35-hour week of work, despite the controversial proposal made earlier this week by the new Minister for the Economy, Emmanuel Macron, that the rule should be relaxed.
On Saturday, Hollande asked the Socialists to cooperate with the government.
However, Justice Minister Christiane Taubira caused dissent by appearing at a meeting of socialist representatives expressing divergent views and criticising the Socialist Party for allowing 'France to give up hope for the future'.
The leader of the far-right National Front, Marine Le Pen, ridiculed the continuing divisions between the socialists and said that he did not believe that Valls' new government would last a few months longer.
Francois Hollande may have gone to war on the phone, but so has Manuel Valls, who was obliged to form a new government after the previous one did not even last for the summer.
"No new government will last until autumn or winter," Le Pen told reporters.
He reiterated his party's proposal to dissolve the parliament and was confident of his party's electoral victory in the early elections and that he himself would be prepared to lead the party.
The ruling French party suffered a massacre at the March municipal elections and the far-right held a list of candidates for the May European elections.
According to an opinion poll published in Sunday's Journal du Dimanche, 76% of French people believe that the Socialist Party may split into several competing groups before the end of Hollande's term in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a post-university political scientist, warned that the French would soon lose patience if the new socialist government failed to improve the economy and record unemployment.
"There is a small chance of success, but the public must quickly see that change is happening," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could get even worse.
Pokka deceived the Finnish composers Kirsi Alm-Siiran, Nina Rahkola and meteorologist Pekka Pouda in a highly deceived part of the programme.
Last Thursday, the Tomorrow Finland programme posted a funny video on its Facebook page about the beating on Thursday.
The video directors Kirsi Alm-Siira and Nina Rahkola and meteorologist Pekka Pouta are trying to sound the Finnish advertisement for Tomorrow from the next day's broadcast, but the sound does not go all the way through the pipeline.
Alm-Siira mixes his words when he tries to say the word budgetary fraud, and his mixing also causes Mr Pouda and Mr Rahkola to lose their hair over and over again.
And these heroes should be allowed to send a direct message even tomorrow, the Facebook Days of Tomorrow in Finland say.
The video has become very popular on Facebook and has been both downloaded and shared on Facebook more than 10 000 times.
Jorma K. Pouta, 68, who worked at the photographic agency, was placed third in the 1972 series.
This is the picture of the Prime Minister of Israel, Golda Meir.
A Socialist International Meeting was held in the House of Mayors in Helsinki in May 1971.
There were many Heads of State at the meeting and the security measures were enormous.
When Golda Meir was in the water, seven bodyguards accompanied her.
At the beginning of the meeting, however, we had a good five minutes to describe it.
I took this picture four or five metres away.
The light and the background were right.
I immediately realised that I had succeeded this time.
It is clear from Mr Meir's statement that the leaders of the Middle East have had difficulties before.
At that time, the competition consisted of pictures of well-known people or events.
It is good that other pictures can also be successful today, provided there is an idea and a visual twist.
This is the second best picture I have taken.
The best picture is that of Lasse Virén falling from the Munich Olympics.
I did not send it to the competition.
Statement: Aarnio investigation has already cost more than €5 million
The investigation into the legality of the activities of the Helsinki Police Drug Unit has already cost more than EUR 5 million and required 30-50 years of staffing.
This was the assessment made by Jyri Rajamäki in his thesis on information technology at the University of Jyväskylä.
Rajamäki argues that the control of the legality of police operations and the fight against crime in general could be significantly improved by combining information technology systems for investigations and judicial proceedings.
According to Rajamäen, modern technology allows for the multiple use of criminal material.
He notes that it is possible to build a system whereby the information collected for the purpose of investigating a crime is automatically electronic evidence, complete with evidence, and at the same time enables comprehensive legal supervision.
The argument will be examined on Saturday.
Overview: The 1999 concept of vegetable foods was forgotten on the school wall: "Fish and poultry as part of the vegetable diet"
The image of a special information on the wall of a school in Piraeus, a school for women, caused a social media frenzy, says Yle website.
Vegetarians!
The vegetable diet includes fish and chicken meals on school lunch.
Only when there is meat on the list will we prepare the vegetable alternative!
This is stated in a forgotten 15-year-old newspaper on the school wall.
You can see the picture here.
The image on social media has caused people to send indignant feedback to the municipality of Pirkkala.
Mr Arja Vaarma, Head of the Food and Cleaning Service, tells Yle that the forgotten flag on the wall is not true and should have been removed some time ago.
Obviously, before my arrival, there has sometimes been such an idea, which has been discussed in the past with healthcare.
Every pupil receives a meal according to his wishes, he tells Ylelle.
Today, in Pirkkala schools, pupils are offered a vegetable alternative only with the permission of parents and with the approval of a doctor or a health care provider.
Vaarma justifies the solution for the whole by the fact that young people's vegetarian experiments may result in a lack of nutrition and a lack of meat or chicken may surprise parents of pupils.
Norwegian Cruise closes $3 billion Prestige Cruise deal
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the world's third-largest cruise company, is negotiating to buy its competitor Prestige Cruises International Inc for three billion dollars, based on information from persons closely involved.
The deal would allow Norwegian Cruise, with a market value of USD 6.8 billion, to benefit from the luxury cruisers and the wealthy customers of Prestige Cruises while continuing to compete with the larger Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) companies.
Based on the reasons given, information on a possible agreement may be published as early as this week, although it is also possible that the negotiations will not yield a result.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, the private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns 20% of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources did not want their names to be made public because the negotiations are not open.
The representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to the requests for comments and the representative of Apollo refused to comment.
Norwegian Cruise, based in Miami, operates 13 cruise ships with route maps covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its turnover grew by 13% from 2012 to 2013, with a turnover of USD 2.57 billion.
Prestige Cruises, which also operates from Miami, operates under the Oceania and Regent brand names, comprising a total of eight cruise ships, and the route map covers Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was USD 1.2 billion, which is 6% more than in the previous year.
The $29 billion cruise industry is expected to benefit from the growth of emerging economies, such as China and India, in the coming years.
Companies are competing to become the number one choice for these new customers when they choose to sail.
Prestige Cruises will register its first shares on the US stock market in January 2014.
Apollo has owned the majority of the company's shares since the 2007 trade, which was worth USD 850 million.
Norwegian Cruise, in its present form, was founded in 2000 when it merged with Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), the entertainment and casino company of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thayn.
Apollo invested a billion dollars in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise was listed as a public company in January 2013.
According to the published figures, between now and the end of June, Genting had a 28% stake in the company, Apollo had a 20% stake and TPG Capital LP had an 8% stake.
The combined share of the Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruises in North America's cruise capacity is 82%, as shown by the registration document published in connection with the issue of the Prestige Cruise shares.
The Tampere City Government is dealing with this issue today.
Animalia hopes that the city government will give its firm support to the initiative.
According to Salla Tuomivaara, director of Animalia, who is preparing a thesis for the University of Tampere, the finals in Finland and around the world should be concluded quickly.
Fortunately, in recent years around the world, there has been a widespread view that the stocking of advanced mammals such as dolphins in dolphin sanctuaries is neither animal-protective nor ethically sustainable.
This view should also be reflected in Tampere.
The abolition of the dolphinarium is not only a question of animal rights, but also a question of the image of Tampere as a tourist destination, Mr Tuomivaara points out.
According to Mr Tuomivaaran, the death of the whale confirms the demands for a reduction in the number of dolphin shows.
The death of Mr Näss is a sad continuation of the dark history of the Särkännie delfin.
It is time to put an end to the deaths, to close the dolphin prison and to begin to find out how Tampere dolphins could be transferred to a bordered maritime area, a kind of dolphin shelter, the death threat demands.
The whale has not been able to experience a return to the dolphin's original habitat, but it is hoped that the remaining dolphins living in Saxony will be able to experience more than their unmoved concrete, Tuomivaara hopes.
Animalia aims to ban the use of all wild species in circuses in the overall reform of animal protection legislation that is being prepared.
This includes the finals.
In support of this demand, the Director of Animalia, Tuomivaara, will participate in a demonstration on behalf of the dolphins on 19 September today.
The demonstration organised by the Japanese Embassy in Helsinki will take stock of the ongoing dolphin hunt in Japan.
During the period of hunting, around 2 300 dolphins are imprisoned or brutally killed each year, either for the use of dolphin nurseries or for food.
Putin urges Kiev to open negotiations on a new state with Eastern Ukraine
On Sunday, Russian President Vladimir Putin called on the Ukrainian Government to stop fighting the separatists in the eastern part of the country and immediately start negotiations on the'statehood' of the region, Russian news sources say.
His representative, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that Putin did not mean that the separatist-controlled region of eastern Ukraine should become part of Russia, but that its position within Ukraine should be reconsidered in order to give the Russian-speaking population the power to defend their own rights and interests.
Putin's call for the government of Kiev to negotiate with the Russian insurgents as equal negotiating partners is in line with his obvious strategy, which he has pursued since the violence began five years ago: he is trying to help the separatists to take over the region, thereby forcing the Ukrainian Government in practice to grant the recently declared independence of Novorossiysk, which will enable it to turn to Russia instead of to the West.
In an interview with the State Channel 1, Putin condemned the attempts of the Ukrainian army to regain the separatist-controlled areas of eastern Donetsk and Luhansk, which were occupied by the separatists on March and April following Moscow's annexation of the Crimean Peninsula on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently turned the region into a ‘Novorossiy’, a ‘new Russia’ – a term reminiscent of the days before the revolutions of the Russian empire.
According to the Russian news agency Itar-Tass, Putin said that the planned peace negotiations would be 'an illusion' as long as Ukrainian politicians campaign for the 26 October parliamentary elections and government troops attack civilians in separatist-controlled areas.
"We must immediately start extensive negotiations, not only on technical issues, but also on the organisation of society and the status of the state of South-East Ukraine, taking into account the interests of the people living there," he says.
According to Peskov, Putin's reference to'statehood' is linked to broader independence, which has been discussed for months with the Kiev leadership in its attempt to allay the fears of Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and linguistic rights would be threatened.
Only the Ukrainian Government can grant the eastern regions the independence they need, says Peskov.
There can be no debate between Ukraine and Russia on this issue, Mr Peskov says, 'because this is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal conflict in Ukraine'.
An interim remark by the Kremlin representative aimed at correcting the'misinterpretation' of Putin's comments highlighted the fact that the Russian regime treats the separatist insurgency in the eastern regions differently from that in Crimea, thereby effectively occupying an area with an ethnic Russian majority of a population of 2 million people.
It would be far more difficult for Moscow to connect itself to the Donetsk or Luhansk regions in eastern Ukraine, even though the majority of the 6.5 million people living in the region are not ethnic Russians and, according to pre-conflict opinion polls, the majority of the population favoured staying in Ukraine.
The independence discussed by Russian diplomats in international forums would give the Ukrainian local governments the right to agree on their own trade agreements and external relations, which would give the Kremlin practical powers in an area linking Russia to Crimea.
The Black Sea Peninsula, which joined Russia five months ago, is home to the Russian main fleet, as well as commercial maritime ports and historical coastal sites.
There are also mines, factories and metal smelters in the region between Russia's Rostov and Crimea, which produce products vital to the Russian army.
In his inaugural address on 7 June, the President of Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko, proposed that Ukrainian legislators – following the new elections – consider constitutional amendments to increase the decision-making powers of regions outside Ukraine’s core regions on their own economy and on the status of languages.
However, his vision of independence seems to differ sharply from that of the separatists, perhaps armed and fuelled by the Kremlin and Moscow.
Putin made his latest demands to the government of Kiev for negotiations with the Russian rebels as equal partners after the rebels moved further last week after Russian tanks and troops invaded eastern Ukraine from a previously peaceful area off the coast of the Azov Sea.
The Ukrainian security authorities fear that the acquisition of the Russian-backed separatist town of Novoazovski will be the beginning of a larger effort to occupy the entire strategically important coastal area up to Crimea.
It has led to the massive consolidation of Mariupol by civilians and army personnel, which, with half a million inhabitants, is known as a steel-producing port city, situated between Novoazovski and a narrow land area leading to the Crimean Peninsula.
On Saturday, Mr Poroshenko spoke to the leaders of the European Union in Brussels, asking for further measures to prevent future violations by Russia in Ukraine, the former Soviet Republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We will soon reach a point from which there is no return", Poroshenko warned.
There are now thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks in Ukraine.
The EU summit did not take direct action decisions; the leaders proposed that additional sanctions be drawn up so that they could be introduced if the Ukrainian crisis re-emerges under unclear circumstances.
On Saturday in Kiev, General Andriy Lysenko, the representative of the Ukrainian National Security and Defence Council, told reporters that Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in the Ilovaisk region following the transfer of two Russian Panzer Divisions and 1 000 soldiers to the Donetsk region last week in order to reinforce the hard-pressed separatists.
According to Lysenko, the first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers captured by Russia in Iowaisk was replaced by 10 Russian paratroopers who were imprisoned in the Ukrainian territory a week ago.
Milan's opening country was already made by Japanese artist Keisuke Honda in the seventh minute of the game.
In the second half, Sulley Muntari and a little later Jeremy Menez played the penalty kick first.
Lazio also suffered a setback at the end of the game, but goalkeeper Diego Lopez defeated Antonio Candreva.
Lopez moved to Milan for this period from Real Madrid.
At the training ceremony for Inzagh, the former attacker in Milan, San Siro Stadium was only halfway.
A total of 39 000 viewers were announced.
Australian magazines and Gabi Grecko on the heels of the fashion scandal
Geoffrey Edelsten has stated that he is outraged that the stolen pictures of his girlfriend and Hollywood A-list actress, Gabi Grecko, may have been stolen by hackers.
The entertainment world has been shaken since a series of Jennifer Lawrence pornography photos were published on the Internet as a result of a widespread public image hacking scandal.
Hakker has reportedly owned a total of 60 wedding pictures of Star Wars star Lawrence and other superstars such as top models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and actor Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and Grecko in Melbourne have also apparently been stolen in connection with the iCloud version.
There are 101 publications on the list.
Mr Edelsten, who suffered in Greece last month, told the Confidential that 'it is painful'.
All personal contacts and images should remain private.
It is a shame that private information can be stolen and disseminated.
Greckon, who is in New York, reportedly commented on the case in the online newspaper as'regrettable' and said that the victims're feeling sorry for themselves'.
Hakker is believed to have 30 photographs of Palmer with this former boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two of Palmer in the upper part of the bay by the side.
Palmer's films include, among others, 'Love and Honor' with Liam Hemsworth.
Yesterday, Palmer, Chuck star Strahovski and Sucker Punch actor Browning did not comment on the hacked images.
Mr Lawrence's representative told the TMZ that 'the issue is a cowardly invasion of privacy'.
The actor, Seth Rogen, was angry with the hackers for his tweet: 'The publication of stolen pictures from Christmas is no different from selling a stolen product'.
The publication of stolen images should not be made possible, purely from a legal perspective.
Finland saved almost as much as it did on its home ground and made a sensational victory over Cuba at the World Championships in aviation.
Look at the pictures of fancy.
Poland's Katowice was white on Monday: not Polish red-and-white, but Finnish blue-and-white.
Finland's victory was followed by almost 2000 Finnish supporters at Spodek, according to the STT.
It felt like I had played at home.
Finnish captain Antti Siltala told STT that fans had such an impact on our game.
Finland was defeated by 0-2 in the match, but went on to win by 3-2.
In the fourth, Finland made a miraculous jump behind six points.
Cuba led one of them from 16 to 10, but then the Finns got on with the hurricane.
The Finnish fan of Parisata was disappointed, however, when a charter plane failed to land in Katowice due to the heavy winds.
So fans who arrived in Warsaw were delayed in the match.
Finnish football fans have been battling Europe hard over the last few days.
In Bilbao, Spain, more than 8,000 Finnish fans will be present at the World Cup.
Just as every Finnish basket would have been a victory basket in the match, US star Stephen Curry cheered Finnish football fans after Saturday's match.
The meeting of the delegation will not be postponed directly due to technical problems
Today, the meeting of the Kouvola City Council cannot be watched live via the Internet.
According to the city's information, the transmission is not possible due to technical problems.
The town of Kouvola regrets the situation.
The record can be seen in a few days' time from the meeting.
The meetings of the Kouvola City Council have been available on the Internet since the beginning of the year.
The next time, the decision-making process can be watched live on 13 October 2014.
Video of the delegation's meetings can be found at http://www.kouvola.fi/index/aikuisvaestolle/paatoksenteko/verkossa.html and on the YouTube channel of the city of Kouvola.