The Prime Ministers of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India’s new Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will meet his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Toko to discuss economic and security relations during his first major foreign visit since his victory in May.
Mr Modi is on a five-day trip to Japan to strengthen economic relations with the third largest economic nation in the world.
Plans for enhanced nuclear cooperation are high on the agenda.
According to reports, India also hopes for a defence cooperation agreement between the two nations.
Police of Karratha arrest 20-year-old after faster motorcycle hunt
A motorcycle was seized after the driver drove it at 125 km/h in a 70 km/h zone and through Buschland to escape the police in Bilbara.
Traffic police in Karratha tried to stop a blue motorcycle this morning after watching it leave a petrol station on Bathdate Road at 125 km/h.
The police report that the driver then ignored the stop signs and continued on Burgess Road before descending into Buschland, where the officials lost sight of it.
The motorcycle and a person who corresponded to the driver's description were later seen at a house on Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
Karratha police accuse a 20-year-old man of ignoring a stop sign and of reckless driving.
He will appear before the court in Karratha on 23 September.
The motorcycle was secured and seized for three months.
George Webster accused of hotel rape in Naim and Pitlochry
A man stands trial for raping women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28, was read the indictment at a hearing of the Supreme Court in Glasgow.
He is accused of raping a woman at Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry, Perthshire on June 7, 2013.
The indictment states that Webster attacked her while she was "unconscious, asleep, and unable to signal consent."
Webster is also accused of raping a second woman at the Golf View Hotel in Naim, Scotland on 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set the date for the hearing for 17 November at the Supreme Court in Edinburgh.
Reflection on the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have tabled a bill to establish the organization of trade unions as a civil right.
"As trade unions die, so do middle-class jobs," said Ellison, a Minnesota Democrat and deputy chairman of the Progressive Caucus in Congress.
That is why I am proud to present the Employee Empowerment Act together with John Lewis, a civil rights lawyer.
This groundbreaking law gives workers the same legal opportunities for discrimination on the grounds of the organisation of trade unions as for other forms of discrimination - and thus stops anti-union forces.
The addition of the national labour law to create a possibility for workers facing discrimination to organise a trade union representation, to lodge a complaint before a civil court for justice - and to receive compensation or penalties - is a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least not by American standards.
In fact, the best way to understand what Ellison, Lewis, and the other sponsors of their bill are proposing is to link back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks suffered by trade unions in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - Americans once encouraged countries around the world to recognise, expand and respect labour rights.
There was a time that millions of Americans still remember when this country called democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right of association in one breath.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, General Douglas Mac Arthur and his staff encouraged the country to adopt a constitution to ensure that the militarized autocracy of Hedki Tojos would be replaced by democracy.
In full awareness of the role of workers and their trade unions in creating a new Japan, they used a language that explicitly recognized that "the rights of workers to unity and to collective bargaining and action are guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff urged the Germans to write a constitution that would ensure that Adolf Hitler's fascism would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers would have to organize themselves and raise their voice in the new nation, the Germans added a clause which explicitly stated: "The right to form associations to secure and improve the working and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every individual and to every profession or trade.
Agreements that restrict or aim to diminish this right are null and void; measures that derogate from it are illegal.
When former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt chaired the International Commission on Human Rights, which designed the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, as adopted by the United Nations in 1948 as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the other authors added a guarantee that "every one has the right to form or join trade unions to protect his or her interests."
For generations, Americans have accepted the basic premise that labour rights are human rights.
When this country advised other countries on how to form civil and democratic societies, Americans declared that the right to form a trade union - and that this trade union must then participate in collective negotiations as an equal partner with companies and governments - must be protected.
After these rights were destroyed in America, it is indeed very wise to re-conceive the American ideal that the working population must have the right to unite and to be heard in a free and open society.
As Pastor Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the workers' movement did not limit the strength of the nation, but enlarged it.
By raising the standard of living of millions of people, work has miraculously created a market for industry and raised the entire nation to unimaginable levels of production.
Those who attack the work forget these simple truths, but history preserves them.
History is remembered and that is what we should do.
The formal recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of civil rights as protection against discrimination in the creation of workers' representations - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals that made America great in the past and fulfilled the promise of democracy.
Judge temporarily stops law that could force all abortion clinics in Louisiana to close
A U.S. federal judge on Sunday temporarily stopped the implementation of a law in Louisiana, which lawyers say would probably have led to the closure of all five abortion clinics in the state.
This measure, which was introduced by Governor Bobby Jindal of Louisiana in June and is scheduled to enter into force on September 1, would force doctors performing abortions to acquire a patient admission right to a hospital within a radius of 30 miles of their practice.
However, the judge's decision means that doctors can continue to legally perform abortions while they apply for such a right.
"The plaintiffs can continue to work in accordance with the law while they strive to achieve these rights," stated federal judge John deGravelles in his ruling.
Within a month, a hearing will be held for the judge to make a more lasting decision for the law.
Advocates of abortion welcomed the recent decision in a series of rulings against similar measures and said that doctors would thus have more time to obtain hospital admission rights.
"Today's decision means that Louisiana's women are running away from an obscene law that wants to take away their health and rights," said Nancy Northup, president and chairman of the Reproductive Rights Center, which had filed lawsuits on behalf of three of the state's five clinics to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the verdict was also directed at the doctors from the two clinics who did not join the lawsuit and had also applied for admission rights.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have passed similar laws, with courts recently declaring such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key pieces of legislation in Texas that would have forced the closure of most of the remaining hospitals in the state were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Advocates of abortion and the American College of Ostretricians and Gynecologists, as well as the American Medical Association, agree that authorizations from doctors require unnecessary restrictions.
Opponents of abortion oppose the measures aimed at protecting women's health, although some also welcomed the effects of closing hospitals.
Only one doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana has patient information rights, the Center for Reproductive Rights reported.
If all other doctors in the state were forced to stop performing abortions, this doctor would no longer perform the surgery for fear of his safety, the group said.
In their arguments against the verdict, Louisiana state representatives said they would not punish doctors for carrying out abortions while their claims on patient rights would still be binding.
Delays in diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatments lead to higher mortality rates from ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have posted a video to pay tribute to her mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women in rural Australia have a higher risk of dying of ovarian cancer than women in urban areas.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Australian women who were diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005, and found that only 25 percent were still alive five years after diagnosis.
Research leader Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute said that those living in rural and remote areas of the state had a 20 percent higher mortality risk during the study than those living in urban areas.
CLOSE STUDIES: New medicines could slow down lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers examined the medical care of women over seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, pre-existing conditions, and social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer was already further advanced by the time of diagnosis, the survival rate was lowest.
For those living in rural and remote areas of the state, the mortality risk was 20 percent higher during the study than for those living in urban areas.
Although the study did not investigate why women living outside the city were more likely to die of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suspects a delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatment centers as possible factors.
"This disease is best treated by gynaecological oncologists, and they are usually found in larger cities," she said.
Despite improving telemedicine services in order to counteract distances, she proposed, as a possible remedy, strengthening the service of incoming doctors in order to enable specialists to provide women closer to their place of residence, as well as treatment programmes for people outside their region.
Dr. Jordan said that regardless of geographical status, the study revealed a poor long-term survival rate for women with ovarian cancer and underlined the need for better treatment and prevention strategies.
The study, funded by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer, is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013, Elisha Neave, a 33-year-old mother from the Gold Coast, learned that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centers regret falling number of homeowners
The decline, combined with an increased decline in the number of homeowners under the age of 35, could lead garden centres to lose tens of thousands of pounds per year if today's young consumers reach the "age group for garden products", according to a study by the HTA, as reported in the Financial Times.
The report states that tenants spend on average 55 percent of what people with homes spend on their gardens.
The rise in the number of people living in highly urbanised areas without gardens, the popular process of asphalting gardens for parking purposes and the declining size of gardens are other factors threatening the industry, in which an estimated £5 billion is put into sales annually.
In the Greater London area, where the share of homeowners has fallen from 61 to 43 percent over a period of 6 years, the lowest expenditure on garden products per household is reported.
The HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society point out that living for rent or small gardens does not mean that people cannot draw plants.
Guy Barter, chief garden advisor for RHS said: "Container gardeners are very popular with tenants, for example, because they can take their plants with them when they move."
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of garden retailing due to rising number of homeowners and economic prosperity from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s.
He also predicted an improved market situation for this year due to better weather after unfavourable weather conditions in March and April last year.
The protest movement in Pakistan, led by opposition politician Imran Khan and cleric Tahirul Kadri, continues.
In the capital of Islamabad, around 1,000 demonstrators stormed the state television station PTV.
Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said soldiers could have pushed the protesters out of PTV buildings again.
The station started operating for about 40 minutes, but is now broadcasting again.
At the same time, around 3,000 demonstrators tried to reach the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Around a kilometre away, they engaged in clashes with security forces equipped with sticks and stones.
The police used tear gas.
The protesters demanded Sharif's resignation, but he refused.
The country's army, meanwhile, calls for a political solution to the conflict "without wasting time and without violence".
After a meeting at headquarters on Sunday evening, the military said: "The army remains committed to its role in ensuring the security of the state."
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has already played a more frequent role.
Opposition politician Imran Khan accuses Prime Minister Sharif of cheating in last May’s parliamentary elections.
The protests escalated over the weekend after Khan and Kadri called on their supporters to advance to Sharif's residence.
Three people were killed.
Turkey orders US diplomat for spying report
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has submitted to the country's senior U.S. diplomats a report on American and British spying in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said that the businessman of the US embassy and Turkish officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and online magazine The Intercept reported that the reports by the former US analyst at the National Security Agency, Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a major area of activity for the US and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan downplayed the importance of the report and said that all important countries were spying on each other.
An earlier report that Germany's most important intelligence agency was also in Ankara's sights caused much more angry reactions from the Turkish government.
Warning strike: locomotive drivers threaten with consequences for commuters
The nationwide warning strike of locomotive drivers on Monday evening could also affect passenger traffic in NRW.
The exhibition, which is scheduled for 18 to 21 p.m., will cover all transport companies nationwide, including long-distance, regional and S-Bahn transport,
The main focus of the warning strike is freight traffic.
Photo: A. Burgi/Archive
said the district chairman of the German locomotive drivers' union (GDL), Sven Schmitte, in Düsseldorf.
We expect significant delays.
There are no regional priorities.
The main focus of the warning strike was goods traffic.
Deutsche Bahn in NRW announced that it would do everything possible to minimize the impact.
However, the GDL has not stated where it intends to strike, making it difficult to foresee the consequences in concrete terms.
Police chief of Magaluf accused of corruption
On Friday, the plaintiffs presented to the Office of the Prosecutor of Mallorca evidence of extortion by police and employees of the city of Calvià.
The chief of the police of Calvià on the holiday island of Mallorca was arrested after allegations of corruption by businessmen and bar owners at the notorious bingo-drinking hotspot Magaluf.
Chief Commissioner José Antonio Navarro was arrested by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street where most of Magaluf's bars and nightclubs are located, after allegations of corruption against him.
According to the online daily Mallorca Diario, the plaintiffs presented evidence on Friday to the Office of the Prosecutor for Combating Corruption of Mallorca for extortion by policemen and employees of the city of Calvià.
Two other local politicians were arrested by the Spanish Guardia Civil in connection with the allegations of corruption and are being questioned together with Navarro by a judge.
The national Spanish daily ABC reported that the angry nightclub owners stated that the government's pet business had a serious impact on their businesses.
"It's no longer about earning money, it's about survival," one of the businessmen told the court.
Let's get our basics out of the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made international headlines this summer due to a viral YouTube video showing an 18-year-old British tourist performing fellatio to 24 men during a suction tour.
Since then, the island authorities have tried to stop the illegal behaviour of alcoholic holidaymakers in Magaluf by minimizing the number of participants in the notorious alcoholic pub tours.
The Playhouse Club, where the felony occurred, was forced to close for a year, while Playhouse and the pub tour organizer Carnage jointly had to pay a fine of €55,000 (73,000).
The tourist town of Magaluf, which is especially popular with young British holidaymakers, is also known for a number of alcohol-influenced accidents, including the trend of "Balconing", where people jump from one balcony to another or from one balcony to the hotel pool.
The first spring day with wet and stormy weather conditions affects flights from Adelaide Airport
The FRÜHLING has brought a winter surprise to South Australia, with heavy storms and strong winds affecting flights from Adelaide Airport.
In the evening until 21 o'clock, another 5mm of rain fell on the city, after 6.6mm, which had already fallen in the night to Sunday.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, stormy showers, including a shower that started shortly before 20 o'clock and caused nearly 4mm of rainfall in about 10 minutes.
After winter last week provided an early dose of spring, temperatures in the city fell again on Monday to a peak of only 15.8°C.
The bad weather conditions have probably led to the delayed landing of a Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The aircraft was supposed to land shortly after 7.30 p.m., but was hit by a gale - a sudden change in wind speed or direction over a short distance - and had to take off.
Winds reached about 50 km/h on the ground at Adelaide Airport at this time.
The flight data showed that the aircraft had to take off on a second landing and finally set up at about 20.40 a.m.
The delay resulted in the delay of several other flights, including an Emirates flight from Dubai and a Quantas flight from Sydney.
Adelaide is forecast to have a peak temperature of 16°C on Tuesday, with possible showers.
Matthies thinks: Highest time for great networking
Given the rapid technological progress that threatens to turn our comfortable home into high-tech multi-storey apartments, our columnist Bernd Matthies comforts himself with an extremely familiar electronic accessory.
While I'm writing this, I look at the spiral cable that connects the listener to the phone, and I think, Boah, how retro is that?
But there's a thought behind that: If the cable weren't there, in no time all the listeners would be flying around the house, and that would be significantly more retro.
After all, it applies to the ekeltronic (ekeltronic?
No, tip error: electronic) sector bought the rule that the world's novelty of today is the electrical scrap of tomorrow - outdated.
And anyone who still has a tube TV in his living room today, for example, simply says that he rejects television in principle.
Why these considerations?
Because the Ifa's rush to the radio tower this week again brings to our attention our absolute incompetence in electronics issues.
The lay, who used to rule the washing machine and CD players blindly, today does not even understand the purpose of the devices that are being distributed in front of him with intangible expert speech: "Connected Home, Wearables, Health Care and Urban Technologies" promises us the press office.
Yes, is it still going?
What should we talk about with people who apparently voluntarily spread such quarks?
In essence, for about 20 years now, the main thing is that we should connect our house whenever possible.
So that the yogurt itself replenishes itself, so that the fire detector on vacation in the Maldives tells us that it is burning in the working room degree.
And wouldn't it be wonderful if we had the air conditioning from the office on our soon arrival...?
Yes, but this requires air conditioning.
But a dream will surely come true soon: we lift our watch, we say to her loudly, "Sweep!" - and at home the vacuuming robot goes away.
Mistake.
Everything runs on nothing less than a revolution: "The boundaries between white and brown goods have evaporated," says one industry expert, one can connect the washing machine to a headphone, the steam heater sends the weather report and the data glasses show how long the pizza still needs in the oven, but that doesn't help because we are in a standstill.
From everyday practice we also know: If a new-fashioned device is really needed urgently, the battery is guaranteed to be empty.
Another reason is that the spiral cable on the phone will survive the next radio exhibitions.
Israeli children return to schools after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children from the areas near the Gaza Strip returned to schools on Monday after spending the summer in air-protected areas, while rocket and mortar fire fell on their communities during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas, and schools in Gaza remained closed while the area recovered from the fighting.
The start of the school brought a sense of joy and anticipation to the communities in southern Israel marked by rocket holes, but the signs of the fighting are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod, employees of the "Pashosh" kindergarten, which was hit by a rocket, removed grenades from the walls and armored walls before the students arrived.
"We're a little scared, but excited," said Ronit Bart, a Kibbutz Saad resident and English teacher there.
Many children from our area urgently need to return to a routine.
Her 11-year-old daughter Shani Bart said it felt "a bit funny" to suddenly go back to school.
"These were difficult times, and we didn't leave the house at all," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the Kibbutz near the border with Gaza to offer his support.
Until a ceasefire ended the war last week, thousands of residents of border communities like Saad remained in their homes or left their homes in order to move to safer areas further away from Gaza and escape the rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Nahal Oz, a community near the Gaza border where a four-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian gunman, are still hesitant to return.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families had not returned.
Their children were temporarily accommodated in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a Gaza border town heavily marked by Palestinian bombings.
He appealed to the children to learn a lot and said, "We will ensure that you acquire knowledge and provide you with security."
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday to an unconditional ceasefire.
The ceasefire brought an immediate end to the fighting, but important problems remain unresolved, such as Hamas' demand for an end to the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of the air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel demands the disarmament of Hamas and the handover of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to start this month in Egypt.
More than 2,100 Palestinians, three quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children were killed in the war, according to estimates by the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel disputes this information and estimates that at least half of those killed are fighters, but has not provided any concrete evidence for this information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker, were killed.
Hamas and other fighters in Gaza fired 4,591 rockets and mortar grenades at Israeli cities during the fighting, most of them in the south of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military carried out more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza Strip, and about 250,000 people sought refuge in more than 100 UN schools, which were converted into temporary shelters.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and the fighting continues, the education authorities postponed the start of the school year last week.
"I hope the school will be reopened soon so that we can continue to learn like the children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy who currently lives in a school in Gaza City.
After elections in Saxony: CDU-Vize Strobl questions NPD ban procedures
In the light of the NPD's vote losses in Saxony, CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl has called for an end to the ongoing NPD-Prohibition proceedings before the Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - According to CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl, the ongoing prohibition proceedings against the NPD should be brought to an end before the Federal Constitutional Court.
"The NPD is doing worse than the last time," Strobl, who is also CDU head of state in Baden-Württemberg, told the "Leipziger Volkszeitung".
This is a welcome development in the right direction and one that leads me to the conclusion that the NPD should be fought politically and not before the Constitutional Court.
The NPD failed at the vote on Sunday by just under five percent.
A first call for a ban on the far-right party failed in 2003, because the constitutional protection at the time also had informants in the NPD headquarters.
In December 2013, the Federal Council, after a long preparation, submitted a new application in Karlsruhe.
The Federal Government and the Bundestag did not join.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
At Neuländer Platz refugees are now being housed in tents.
The Central Emergency Reception Centre for Refugees in Harburg stands out.
Now the interior authorities have set up three tents next to the Red Cross.
The district politicians were only briefly informed - they are not very enthusiastic.
"These Hauruck actions further discourage citizens and do not give district politicians the opportunity to contribute constructively to the humane accommodation of refugees," says Britta Herrmann, Green Group Chairman at the Harburg District Assembly.
Its party demands that the Harburg District Administration provide unused housing at present.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
The reasons for the overcrowding at first instance are the influx of people seeking help - and the fact that the authorities are unable to provide sufficient seats in follow-up facilities.
Many refugees therefore stay longer than the regular three months.
House prices have experienced the strongest rise in winter in seven years, a widely observed index shows.
The RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic Home Value Index for homes in the Australian capital rose by 1.1 percent in August, according to the RP data from Monday.
Through this increase, the total increase in June, July and August is 4.2 percent, the largest increase in winter months since 2007.
The annual price rise was 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the rise in the 12 months up to August 2013, but the increases were not evenly distributed across the country.
The research director of RP Data, Tim Lawless, shared that Sydney and Melbourne are driven by a two-tier market.
The figures from RP Data show that house prices in Sydney rose by 16.1 percent last year, while in Melbourne by 11.7 percent.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices rose by five and six percent on average.
At the other end of the scale is Canberra, which was hit hard by cuts in government spending and where prices rose by only 1.4 percent over the year.
Mr Lawless further said that with the beginning of spring, there would now be an increase in the real estate on sale for the next few months, which would subject the market to "a real test".
"If you look at the persistently high auction price rate, a generally fast selling rate and the persistently low interest rate environment, it is likely that home prices will rise even further in the next three months," he said.
In a statement to the Neue Presse, he contradicts the statements of Managing Director Peer Medau and certifies him to pose "like a field master".
This is not the style of the university, the communication says.
Thus, the Medau family had already "been informed orally in mid-June about the intentions of the university.
The statement that the plans were only announced in July is definitely wrong," says Pötzl.
At the same time, he points out that the plans are not "pre-established or even decisions", but that there are "references".
The narrow road up to the castle, which was necessary for access, was also less dramatic than feared by the Medaus.
There was and is no talk of a nine-metre wide road.
At present, it is 5.50 meters wide, which is one meter wider than before," Pötzl explains.
Pötzl does not want to accept the Medau operators' argument that their free and educational parking spaces will only be used by university students in the future.
Trains are not parked at all because, as with other public parking lots, this can now be solved intelligently.
Thinking of the inhabitants
According to the university president, the kindergarten Bergwichtel, which is located on the grounds and would lead in front of their front door along the access to the parking deck, "should not be affected".
Rather, he says, "this is not just about the kindergarten, but also about the residents at the entrance to Friedrich-Streib-Straße and the 800 pupils of the neighbouring Realschule.
So it's much more than just partial interests of the Medau gentlemen," says Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parents' council of the kindergarten, with the expansion of the street would be justified "a few natural spots of Coburg would be lost", "the reader can decide for himself".
At the beginning of October, Pötzl, together with the Bamberg State Building Office, intends to inform the city councils about the structural development of the university until 2020 "and in this context to raise the importance of the new development".
Peer Medau had informed the parents of the kindergarten last week about the plans of the university.
Accordingly, the access to the new parking deck is not to be via the campus and Friedrich-Streib-Straße, but via the Medau-Berg.
This means that the narrow road would have to be extended by two lanes for about one kilometre.
According to estimates of the Medaus, the traffic in the Park of Schloss Hohenfels would thus double.
About 2,000 vehicles are spoken of daily.
Until now, the city did not want to comment on the project.
Glandorf retires from national handball team
Holger Glandorf will no longer play for the DHB team.
The 31-year-old from the federal league SG Flensburg-Handewitt led mainly health problems for this decision.
I didn't like the decision very much, it's matured over several months.
It's time for me to listen to the signals of my body and end my career in the national team," the 2007 World Champion shared on his Facebook page.
He retired internationally with a record of 167 national games and 576 goals for Germany.
Because the powerful back-room player for the Champions League winner from Flensburg wants to go to Torejagd for a few more years, he is no longer available to the new Bundestrainer Dagur Sigurdsson.
Glandorf had a "long and good conversation with the Icelander, who is announcing his team for the national games against Switzerland on Tuesday.
His ideas and approaches have inspired me just as much as they will inspire my many years of fellow players and my successors.
But for my club I want to be available healthy in the next few years too, for this longer regeneration breaks are necessary, which the current double load does not allow.
The left-hander had to fear the end of his career after a foot infection in 2012.
Due to problems with his Achilles tendons, he had been treated by team doctors of the German Handball Association (DHB) with a cortisone injection, which had later caused a severe inflammation.
An emergency operation and two other interventions followed.
Then Glandorf had announced a lawsuit against the team doctor, the dispute ended with a comparison.
Twelve years of professional and eleven years of national team career do not pass without trace.
I have some health building sites that I can no longer ignore.
After the three infection-related foot operations that took place in 2012 at short intervals, I never really got my blood pressure under control.
This includes some other wear-related complaints.
Already at the beginning of the year, I noticed that although I control my head, I cannot deceive my body," Glandorf explained in an interview with the magazine "Handball Time".
He would only be ready for a comeback in an absolute emergency.
"When I cut all the strings, I'm always ready to talk," the double family father told the magazine.
However, I can count the years in which I can still play handball on one hand.
I must also say that after my long hospital stay in 2012, I have also become quite humble in terms of my health.
After my career, I want to be able to walk at least some distance.
In addition to winning the 2007 World Cup title and the 2014 Champions League, he won the EHF Cup in 2008 (HSG Nordhorn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo).
In 2012, he also won the European Cup Winners' Cup with Flensburg.
German economy shrinks by 0.2 percent in spring
The crises around the globe have slowed the German economy in the second quarter.
Gross domestic product declined by 0.2 percent from April to the end of June 2014 compared to the previous quarter.
This was reported by the Federal Statistical Office, which confirmed preliminary calculations.
Consumption alone stimulated the economy in the spring, while investment declined.
Foreign trade also slowed down the economy.
Thanks to the strong start of the year, GDP for the first half of the year totals a 0.8 percent rise compared to the second half of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and destination of the "Münsterland-Mooiste", which on Sunday led through Burgmannsstadt for the first time.
The town of Burgmann Horstmar witnessed an invasion of Dutch "motorcyclists" on Sunday.
The largest cycling association in the Netherlands, NTFU, organised the so-called "Münsterland-Mooiste".
This is the largest cycling tour across Münsterland, the cycling paradise near the Netherlands.
More than 1,000 participants thanked Jos ter Huerne for organizing this tour through Münsterland.
This tour has been advertised in various journals and has been offered to interested people.
We come from Den Helder and have driven overnight to participate in this tour.
We would like to get to know Münsterland in this way as well," the cyclists rejoiced over the route through the districts of Steinfurt, Borken and Coesfeld.
After registration at the club home of the Shooting Brotherhood Sta.
Katharina went on a small "peace journey" through the city over the wall, where the start took place.
The route, which was advertised for three different categories, continued in the direction of Herrenholz over Schöppinger Berg in the direction of Coesfeld and over Havixbeck and Billerbeck back to Horstmar.
On routes of 95 kilometres with 1175 height meters, 120 kilometres with 1475 height meters and 145 kilometres with 1775 height meters the cyclists proved their good condition.
They were fed on the way to Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
Chief organizer Jos ter Huerne and Deputy Mayor Heinz Lölfing were very pleased about the success of this cycling event.
We are satisfied and it was a beautiful experience for all involved.
The organization went smoothly and there were no negative incidents," concludes Heinz Lölfing.
Unfortunately, there were not as many participants as the organizer had hoped, probably due to bad weather forecasts and morning rain.
"We will see each other again in 2015 with hopefully nice weather on August 30th or during another weekend," the cyclists promised to return to Münsterland and the organisers are planning a new edition.
Konstantin Wecker's mercilessly honest memoirs
It is actually more a philosophical testimony than a biography, which Konstantin Wecker, songwriter, pacifist, politically conscious activist, ex-prisoner, put on paper in "Mönch und Krieger" on 287 pages.
Not chronologically, but more thoughts for thoughts, the Municher, born on 1 June 1947, has written down his memoirs, each chapter initiated by a suitable song text.
And he is ruthlessly honest: From the Onanie as a gymnast to the theft of shops and drug consumption, he does not expose human weakness.
Also to show how he himself learned tolerance in dealing with his fellow human beings.
Broad space also incorporates abstract but all the more important concepts: love, soul, ego, being in the present, spirituality - all of which he tries to get to the bottom of, in a very philosophical but also very personal way.
And he also explains his pacifism, his social criticism, his political commitment - and also how not only music has shaped him (the opera lover has become a soul and rock musician), but also his imprisonment.
The latter has also brought the living man Konstantin Wecker closer to the asketic monk, who is "created by subtraction", as he says, "by leaving behind everything unnecessary".
Between all the high-spiritual views, however, there are also short anecdotes about the earth: for example, about beatings in a local frequented by GIs, or a crazy car ride in which he pointed frontally at a tree.
Again, he is mercilessly honest.
Lenny Henry: My father never took me in the arms.
Has never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children of a Jamaican immigrant family in Dudley, Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry tries for a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, which is partly based on an imaginary conversation with his father and was created from the series on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mixture of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work through some difficult childhood moments.
He attended "many" therapies after his mother's death, and Henry is reflecting on his relationship with his father.
It was hard to get to know him.
One never saw his face, only heard his voice: "Listen with the Krach.
Leave your sister alone.
Move!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - who were grown up when I was a kid - went to the pub with him and talked about things like the shape of a beer glass or the beauty of a cricket match.
I never had such a conversation with him.
For most of my life he was this serious guy in the corner reading the newspaper.
Henry recently opened a casting shop in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than at his father's time, he gained an insight into how life might have been for him.
It is now a bit brighter, but they are dark, damp, deep Székely labyrinth with flames and smoke and lots of smell.
My father used to just lie in the tub and then you could slowly hear him start singing because he was able to wash the mill from himself.
As I walked around, it became clear to me that he had been doing this for years to put food on the table, and my respect for him grew.
Nevertheless, Henry grew up as a child without the testimony of his parents.
My father never hugged me, he never said "I love you".
It wasn't until my mother went bad at the end of her life that we started to say, "I love you, I love you, I love you."
Through his own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, he was able to share the love he had missed as a child.
Could you stop saying "I love you"?
Stop embracing me!
Papa, I'm 22!
with Dawn French.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
She is a great mother.
He is still friends with French, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good person.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry's own mother was a diabetic.
This contributed to her death.
So when I became very, very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "You must be radical.
So I went through this fitness thing and also had to do a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it's exhausting.
Nobody likes to eat carrots.
Henry's career change may be reflected in his elegant, short-cut beard.
Since he was praised by critics for his Othello, he has been taken away from the theatre.
It was followed by The Comedy of Mistakes, and then Fences by August Wilson.
This is a different experience from the sitcoms and comedies that have filled his business life.
He began with only 16 years when he worked in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on stage, imitating people and writing about him to New Faces.
His television career began in the mid-seventies. "I was for quite a long time the only black comedian/median on television."
He studied in the profession.
Not only did I have to grow up in front of the public, but from 1975 to 1985 I also had to learn how to become an efficient storytelling machine while I was a star through television, and that was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 at New Faces
Since his manager owned the stage rights to the Black and White Minstrel Show, a light entertainment program in which people "painted themselves black", Henry performed his comedy there for five years.
My family was very uncomfortable.
I kind of wish it never happened, but I don't regret that I did.
It was a strange, unpleasant position for me, but I worked with giant projects and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But this "years-old award-winning lightweight column of British television" was also a "great parody of black people."
Through the introduction of figures who both ridiculed and celebrated British black culture, Henry worked on an alternative comedy circle in the 1980s.
The first series of the Lenny Henry Show was aired in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as the chef Gareth Blacklock in the comedy series Chef!.
Advertisement, documentaries, TV series and film roles shaped his next decade, but after his BBC series LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought, "What are you going to do next, Len, because it all feels like you're just taking the time or a little bit on the spot."
Then came a documentary series for Radio 4 entitled What's So Great About...?
The first episode was about Shakespeare.
I was allergic to Shakespeare.
I had never really learned anything about him at school, and I thought he was mainly a middle-class domain, white in pants and a coalhead in the front.
So I was very afraid of it.
All the people we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said, "You should try it.
Don't be bad if you don't know what you're talking about.
Take a few words in your mouth, and then you will understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry performed 20 lines from Othello's last speech for the documentary and he was thrilled.
I felt I could do it.
It was almost as if somebody had finally put my head right.
"That's why, it's a serious thing, take it seriously, learn your text, do some research.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we did it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car accident, and that simply didn't happen.
And soon he appeared in the comedy of errors.
Suddenly I was in the National Theatre and I couldn't believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed."
There was a technical error and Henry instinctively felt that he had to entertain the audience.
"A small voice told me, "You have to bridge 10 minutes now while they repair the computer.""
Instead, the stage manager announced that the performance would continue as soon as the problem was solved.
I left the stage and something in me said, "Oh, thank God."
I am not responsible for this.
I can leave it to someone else.
"You play in a play, so stay in your role."
Henry in Fences at the Duchess Theatre
Learning the text for Fences was challenging.
Panic is very good, it strengthens the desires.
That too came well, so it's like a big sign of the gods telling me, "This is your destiny."
He says this, of course, with a DONNER'S voice.
So I'm staying here.
I really love it.
I love being in a sample room.
Henry, however, still has the head of a comedian - our conversation has gone through humorous outbursts, while he repeatedly imitates people.
I decided not to do a stand-up comedy because I think this kind of instant satisfaction from a room full of strangers is somehow dangerous.
If you look for it all the time, you're going in front of a wall.
I sometimes perform live in Apollo if I want to, but overall I don't have as much as I used to.
I ask him if he will ever make a stand-up comedy tour again.
The fun I have in a room with a director who helps shape a beginning, a middle part and the end of a journey - I don't think I want to give it up again.
So is this his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like being an actor.
It's fun.
You always tell a story, and that's great.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Huthi rebels block roads in Yemen's capital
In the conflict between Shiite Huthi rebels and the Yemeni government, the Huthi have called for civil disobedience in the capital Sanaa.
Huthi followers had occupied central streets in Sanaa on Monday, a spokesman for the Huthi party "Ansar Allah" said.
Access to Parliament was also blocked.
Yemeni media reports a traffic jam in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper "Yemen Post", Huthi leader Abdulmalik al-Huthi had called for the measures on Sunday evening.
According to the paper, Huthi threatened to escalate the conflict further if his demands were not met.
The Shiite Huthis fight for more independence from Sunni-ruled Yemen and demand the government's resignation.
The Huthi people have been besieging the Yemeni capital for almost two weeks.
Around 30,000 rebels have set up protest camps on the major access roads of Sanaa.
Around the country there are bloody battles with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registers officials to suppress "spiritual workers"
Kenya has begun to biometrically register all government officials in order to remove "spiritual workers" from the government's payrolls.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks would no longer be paid, a government statement said.
The government suspects that thousands of people will still receive salaries after leaving the public service.
When President Uhuru Kenyatta took office in 2013, he pledged to fight corruption in the public service.
An audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700,000) per month was lost in payments for "spiritual employees" and other misleading financial practices.
The government suspects that salaries will continue to be paid on accounts after a person has died or leaves the public service, Wanyama Chebusiri reports to the BBC from Nairobi.
All officials must now appear at identification centres within the next two weeks to ensure that their data is recorded via biometric registrations, a government message said.
Anyone who would not do so without a credible apology would be removed from the payroll, the statement continued.
"This process will make a significant contribution to rationalising the public service by establishing the actual number of officials and also adjusting the payroll at both levels of government - eliminating the'spiritual staff'," said Anne Waiguru, Cabinet Secretary at the Ministry of Decentralization and Planning.
The scandal surrounding the art consultant Helge Achenbach will be tried for the first time in court on November 11.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of Aldi's founder Theo Albrecht, are claiming 19.4 million euros in damages in civil proceedings before the Düsseldorf Landgericht against Achenbach and two of his companies, which are insolvent.
A court spokeswoman said this on Monday.
The lawsuit states that Achenbach had cheated on the purchase of artworks and oldtimers and that Berthold Albrecht had calculated higher purchase prices than those actually paid.
As a result, the agreed commission was also higher.
Achenbach bought assets for Albrecht for 121 million euros.
Children need roots and wings
He was in school for 44 years, of which 23 as a school principal.
From this time Manfred Richter knows many standing Petershauseners and Kollbachers from their time as students.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but always supported by his desire to see people in the student.
The snow dome is the most famous mountain of the Giant Mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the motif from his homeland.
Richter was born in 1930 in Trautenau/Nordböhmen, today Trutnov.
At the age of 14, he became interested in teaching after four years of high school.
A year later, the Sudeten Germans were exiled.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave their home.
After a few months in a camp it went to Bavaria in 1946 - in a freight van.
So Judge threw it into the Upper Franconian Senkendorf.
Teacher training took place in Bamberg.
Manfred Richter had to walk ten kilometres to the next station six times a week, take the train to Bamberg, go three kilometres across the city to school and back in the evening.
After two months, Manfred Richter received a sleeping opportunity in a Rot-Kreuz-Heim in Bamberg: together with up to 15 students in a dormitory.
In 1951, he took the first and in 1954, after three years of teaching, the second state examination.
Since Oberfranken had no free teachers for him, he applied to Oberbayern and came to the school in Kollbach on 1 November 1954.
The "woman room" was his first "service apartment" in the schoolhouse.
In 1958, he moved into a three-room utility apartment next to the school.
This house was bought by Manfred Richter in 1980, after the school in Kollbach had been disbanded in 1968.
Until then, there were three classes in Kollbach in the school association Petershausen-Kollbach and five classes in Petershausen.
From 1968 to 1969, these were merged in Petershausen in what is now the Town Hall.
When the Indersdorf school association was founded, only the primary school remained in the village.
In order to avoid a reclassification in the now smaller school, the then rector Georg Sigl moved to Karlsfeld - and Manfred Richter became his successor.
However, Petershausen grew, and so the children and their teachers were able to acquire the present building from September 1982, which was extended in 1997 after Judge's retirement.
Manfred Richter praises the uncomplicated generosity of the then mayor Ludwig Götz, who, at municipal expense, had built an additional workshop and cellar space during the 1997 expansion, although this was not eligible under the guidelines for school buildings.
"Bürgermeister Götz was very school-friendly," Richter gratefully recalled.
Throughout his career, Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech of a government representative who had responded to a school council's presentation on justice and justice: "You must never forget love." Manfred Richter applied what he had heard there as a young teacher.
"There are two things you have to give to children: roots and wings," says the 84-year-old.
And he had to learn: "That doesn't always work." Whether he means only his students or his own six children is not entirely clear.
In any case, the judge's actions were sometimes unconventional.
When pupils were bullying themselves, they did not receive any kind of punishment from him, nor were they burned to sit down.
At the expense of the community, Judge had bought two pairs of boxing gloves and let the two competitors compete against each other, even if there should be a rope.
For the benefit of the school, Richter, as rector, maintained a good relationship with the then mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
After his retirement, he moved the partisan judge to run as the last on the CSU list for the municipal council in 1996.
But Judge was elected in sixth place and joined the CSU.
180 kilometers in three days
HR4-RADTOUR 700 cyclists stop in the spa park of Bad Salzhausen and Schotten
When cyclists take a break on their tour in Bad Salzhausen or Schotten, this in itself is nothing special.
On Friday, however, the number of resting people alone made an impression: The 700 participants of the hr4 cycling tour together with the accompanying coach enjoyed a break in the lower spa park of Bad Salzhausen and later a party in the open air in the Schottener Alteburgpark.
Under the motto "Radeln und feiern auf neu entdeckten Wegen zwischen Nidda und Kinzig" the participants had met on Thursday in Bad Vilbel and there experienced a concert by Van Baker & Band.
On Friday it became serious: the cyclists took the first stage, the 60 kilometres across Florstadt to Bad Salzhausen and further to Schotten.
In Bad Salzhausen, the athletes were welcomed by Mayor Hans-Peter Seum, who started in Bad Vilbel by bicycle, and the head of the private company Bad Salzhausen, Petra Schwing-Döring.
To refresh the body and mind, all kinds of good things had been prepared: the farmers from Ranstadt and Nieder-Mockstadt had baked 85 sheets of apple, chestnut, strawberry and cheese cakes, which gave the skilled cyclists a wonderful mouthful.
"Such cakes can only be baked by farmers," praised a participant from Aulendiebach, while ordering another piece.
Cold refreshments could be obtained at the drink stand of the gymnastics club Geiß-Nidda.
The "Duo Bravo" entertained visitors with well-known melodies from operas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful ambience of the park was relaxing.
A gentleman also enjoyed a head massage from his partner: "He deserved it, after all he has reinforced chains of bicycles that have already been thrown off today."
Meanwhile, the mayor and the company manager still had to work: they were interviewed by reporter Rainer Janke at the fountain in front of the Trinkkurhaus and used the opportunity to advertise for Bad Salzhausen on the radio.
The promotion manager Tobias Hagen, who has been there as tour manager since the first hr4 cycle tour in 2004, could only spend a short time, but he had a lot to do with the technology on site.
His pickup truck, where he communicated via three telephones and a radio with his employees and the 15-strong Hesse police motorcycle squad, wrote Facebook entries and reported, also needed a check.
"Most of the participants come from the Rhine-Main area," he said, "but cyclists are also from Giessen or Fulda, Lauterbach or the Taunus and even from numerous cities in Westphalia.
The number of participants depends a bit on the available overnight capacity.
In category I, participants will be accommodated in hotels, in category II, in collective accommodations.
From the resort the cyclists had a good impression when they broke up again after one and a half hours: "Thank you!"
"It was beautiful in Bad Salzhausen!" they whispered to say goodbye.
After arriving in Scotland, the group was allowed to take a short rest period.
But in the evening the cyclists were required in the idyllic Alteburgpark.
Under the direction of the Scottish Society for Tourism and City Marketing (GTS), the park had retained a beautiful festive environment and, of course, delicacies, such as flame cakes with well-cooled feather whites, were prepared.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS CEO Markus Hoßfeld and MSC Chairman Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs, in his capacity as a member of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen Board of Directors, welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly delighted about the "many operations in Scotland".
DJ Tobias Hagen then released the dance stage.
Despite the sporty activity on the bike, the opportunity for swinging under the open sky was eagerly used.
Among the guests increasingly mixed citizens, who were as excited by the good mood as the large crowd of cyclists.
On the second day the stations Birstein, Wächtersbach and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwalders - were on the programme for cyclists.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres of riding, the athletes returned to Bad Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish policemen arrested for "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government", local media reports.
The police authorities did not comment directly.
Among the arrested are 14 high-ranking policemen, reports Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were involved in corruption investigations against government officials, including four government ministers last December.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers were arrested for allegedly establishing an organised criminal association and dialing phone numbers.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who was Prime Minister at the time) described their actions as part of the activities being directed against him and other people in power by the Islamic cleric Fethulla Güllen.
Not all children in Ukraine return to school
Schools almost everywhere in Ukraine opened on Monday (1 September) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arsenij Jazenjuk brought his daughter to school.
There he told waiting journalists that not all schools had been reopened, but that he was determined to defend the country for future generations:
The September celebrations were not held in every school.
The sky is not peaceful everywhere over Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge common Ukrainian people's front, must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, head of the school in Slawjansk, who attends Jazenjuk's daughter, spoke Russian.
We hope that there will finally be peace here and that the children will receive an education that will be useful to them in their future lives.
The first school day of the new school year is traditionally celebrated, with children wearing embroidered shirts, holding balloons in their hands and giving flowers to their teachers.
With Rona Fairhead, the BBC may have found the great director it needs.
She meets with a proud elite from the banking world, media management and the inner circle of the Tory Party.
And she has her own front experience.
She began her career at Bain and Co., a global management consulting company, before moving to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and Pearsons' media business.
She served as Chairman of the Board of the Financial Times for seven years and resigned when the top position of Pearson's parent company went to a younger male colleague.
Its value was estimated to be around £1 million.
Their political ranking is also solid.
She was recommended to David Cameron by Lord Browne, the former chairman of BP, when he sought more private economic knowledge in Whitehall: she was appointed cabinet adviser.
Her husband is a former Tory Council member.
Already in May, I described the chairman's task with a boiled cup.
Not only is the BBC a huge and complex unit at the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
Trust works in two directions: inwardly to the first rank of the BBC's own management hierarchy, but also outwardly as a voice of public concern and unrest when things go wrong.
This creates an almost unsustainable duopoly that demands a complete and comprehensive reform.
But which new chairman would risk stepping in, tackling everything and dealing with an institution as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while he might be trying to get himself out of his job?
It is a difficult task.
And as if that wasn't enough, many are also interested in seeing the BBC shrink - power, money and status outdated.
As competition approaches and new technologies threaten old, comfortable security, the upcoming negotiation of licence fees for the BBC is associated with particular risks.
For the modest sum of £145.50 per year, the British public buys into certainly the largest media company in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: it says it reaches 96 percent of all households and costs only 40 pence a day for each.
And apparently the BBC is rising again on the popularity scale: 53 percent support it today, compared to 31 percent 10 years ago.
The BBC's viewing and usage habits have changed: nowadays I get news headlines on my mobile phone and see missed programs later on on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very beloved and remarkable institution.
She needs a considerable chairman - I hope she has found him.
Perry from Texas says that dropping tweet was not authorized
A Tweet from the official user account of the Republican Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a depressing remark about the Democratic District Attorney, who is at the center of a criminal prosecution against him for abuse of power.
The Tweet was later deleted and replaced by another user account by Perry, who quit the previous one.
I just received a tweet from my account that was not authorized by me.
"I don't cheapen the Tweet and have deleted it," it said in the later message.
Perry employees did not respond immediately to requests for comments.
Although the tweets were posted by Perry's official user account, it was not clear who was actually using the feed.
The previous tweet featured an unfavourable image of Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg, who was convicted of tax evasion in April 2013.
Perry filed a veto against financial support for her office when she refused to resign, leading to an indictment against Perry – who could potentially be a 2016 presidential candidate – before a Grand Jury this month in Austin.
The text of the Tweet reads: "I don't always drive drunk with the three-fold permitted alcohol level... but when I do, I complain to Governor Perry if he cheats."
I am the drunkest Democrat in Texas.
Lehmberg's office was not responsible for directing the Grand Jury's investigation of Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was selected by a Republican judge.
Perry pleads not guilty and called the indictment a political trick.
His high-ranking team of law enforcement appealed to the judge involved in the case to dismiss the indictment and argued that the law against the most senior governor in the history of the state of Texas is unconstitutionally dishonest.
Perry transferred $7.5 million of state money to the state's Public Integrity Unit, which is based in Travis County and investigates state corruption cases in Texas, when Lehmberg refused to resign.
This veto resulted in a public appeal by a left-wing Watchdog group.
Perry's official user account is frequently updated - and sometimes famous.
After finishing fifth at the 2012 Iowa caucuses during his presidential candidacy, Perry started speculating that he would stop by posting a Tweet of a photo of himself jogging near a lake, with the words "South Carolina, we're coming!"
Berkeley declares housing market "normal" again
One of London's most prominent developers pointed out that the housing market in the south-east of England has "returned" to normal levels.
Homes in the capital were highly sought after and subject to massive price increases, which prompted the Bank of England, due to widespread fear of a credit crunch, to impose limits on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and CEO of the high-end construction company Berkeley, said on Monday, "Since the beginning of the current fiscal year, the market has returned to normal transaction levels since its peak in 2013," adding that this offers a "stable operating environment."
The real estate market in London was well positioned during the downturn, as foreign buyers pushed into the capital.
Prices in the city area alone jumped by 18.5 per cent last year, far more than the average increase in England and Wales as a whole, according to the Agency.
Average sales prices at Berkeley's private, affordable, and student offerings increased by about a fifth last year and stood at £423,000 at the end of April.
However, a stronger pound in recent months has made real estate in London less attractive to foreign buyers - some of them have also been deterred by the introduction of new real estate taxes and political rhetoric about a possible "visa tax" before the general elections next May.
London real estate agent Foxtons warned last week that the April mortgage market report, which introduced tighter lending rules, would also lead to lower market growth in both real estate sales and prices in the second half of the year.
New Bank of England data from Monday shows a decline in mortgage approval in July, which also indicates that the real estate market is cooling down.
Hamptions International, another real estate agency, corrected its forecast for the rise in London real estate prices for 2015 down to 3 percent, based on an already weakening household price awareness.
Transaction volumes in London's most expensive areas such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington have dropped by a quarter year on year, said broker WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, Berkeley's desire for a home in the capital is a blessing, as the amounts due for scheduled sales amount to more than £2.2 billion.
Mr. Pidgley added: "The demand for the right, well-planned product at the best locations has remained stable, and as a result, sales have also remained stable."
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3,742 new homes in the year up to the end of April - almost a third more than the 2007 peak before the crisis.
Annual pre-tax revenue increased by 40 percent to £280 million annually, and sales by 18 percent to £1.6 billion.
In a statement Monday before the Company's Annual General Meeting, Mr. Pidgley said that Berkeley's revenues for the current year are expected to meet current market expectations.
Analysts consistently estimate the annual pre-tax result at £450 million.
Berkeley shares stood at £23.96 in the London Stock Exchange in the afternoon.
Naked photos of Jennifer Lawrence published by hackers on the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence at the 85th Academy Awards.
Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence's nude photos were published online by a hacker who claimed to have a "master list" of images of another 100 starlets.
A representative of the star from "Die Tribute von Panem" confirmed that the photos of Lawrence were real and accused the hacker of "clever breach of privacy".
The authorities have been notified and will track down all those who post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos originally posted on the photo sharing page 4chan were allegedly acquired by a hole in Apple's online storage system iCloud. The alleged "master list" of the hacking victims includes the names of dozens of female stars, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed reported.
It is not certain how many of the images are real, although Winstead, Star from "Scott Pilgrim vs. the Rest of the World" on Twitter also condemned the hack.
"To those of you who look at the pictures that my husband and I took years ago in the private environment of our house - I hope you're so really satisfied with you," Winstead wrote on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeon series "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied, however, that the photos were images of her and tweeted "These so-called naked pictures of me are OK, people.
Let's look at the beginnings. *Wordplay intended*.
Buzzfeed reported late Sunday that a spokesman for pop star Ariana Grande denied the authenticity of the alleged photos from her.
Exclusive excerpt from Howard Jacobson's highly praised novel about love and the letters "J".
They disintegrated, so one could best describe it, they disintegrated slowly like a cardboard that has been left standing in the rain.
Occasionally, a woman told him that he was too serious, hardworking, intense, distant and perhaps a little scratchy.
And then she shook his hand.
He knew it very well.
He was stupid, like in Igel, yes.
The last victim of this stubbornness was a just-beginning affair that had been more promising to alleviate the loneliness of his life than anything else, and perhaps even brought him some satisfaction.
Ailinn Solomons was a shimmeringly delicate beauty with unkempt hair and a flattering heart from a village on the northern island that was even more remote and rough than Port Reuben.
She had come to the south with an older companion who had inherited a plot of land in a damp but paradise-like valley called Paradise Valley.
No one had lived in the house for several years.
The pipes were dirty, there were spiders still in the streams, naked snakes had left their marks on all the windows and believed they belonged to them, and the garden was covered with weeds that looked like giant cabbages.
It was like the house from a children's fairy tale, both threatening and tempting, a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is on the Longlist for the Man Booker Prize 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week.
Kevern and Ailinn had sat side by side on the broken deck chairs in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon. They had both slipped into the service console mentally absent, serving the country with reassuring music and reassuring news, as the sight of their curved brown legs reminded him of an old song of a long-forgotten black entertainer, whom his father liked to listen to in closed doors in the house.
Your feet are too big.
Due to their inherent aggressiveness, songs of this kind were no longer played on the console.
Not forbidden - nothing was so properly forbidden - simply not played.
It was successfully obsoleted, just like the word obsolete.
The general taste created what permits and regulations would never have done, and as people chose from books the From-Tellerwasher-to-Millionaire memes, cookbooks and love novels, so they chose the ballads for music.
In the euphoria of the day, Kevern began to play an imaginary piano and sing Ailinn's big feet in a coarse-comical Serenade.
Ailinn did not understand that.
"That was a well-known song by a jazz pianist named Fats Waller," he explained to her, automatically putting two fingers on his lips.
His father had always done this to stop the letter J before he came out of his mouth.
It had started as a game between him and his father when he was little.
His father had played it with his own father, he said.
If you start a word with a J without putting two fingers over your lips, it costs you a penny.
It wasn't a very funny game then, and it wasn't very funny now either.
He knew that this was expected of him, that was all.
It had to explain what jazz was.
Ailinn had never heard of one.
Jazz was not played, even though it was not directly forbidden.
Improvising was no longer modern.
There was only room for one "if" in life.
People wanted to be sure at the beginning of a melody where it would end.
Likewise, the mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was musically expressed intellect.
Although he was 10 years old without having heard of Sammy Davis Junior, Kevern knew something about jazz from his father's semi-secret collection of old CDs.
But at least he didn't have to explain to Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
At her age, she probably couldn't remember a time when pop singers were not black.
Again, there were no laws or constraints.
A compliant society meant that every element of that society gratefully agreed to the principle of group talent - gratefully as those who were deprived of fate.
People of African-Caribbean origin were suitable for entertainment and sports due to their temperament and body shape, so they sang and ran.
People who originally came from the Indian subcontinent were blessed by nature with electronic talent and were assisted with the task of ensuring that no family remained without a working telephone.
What remained of the Polish community took care of the sewerage; what remained of the Greeks broke plates.
Those from the Gulf States and the Levant whose grandparents had not left the country as soon as WHAT HAPPENED WHEN WHAT HAPPENED- out of fear of being accused of burning fires, even out of fear that the flames would consume them next - had opened Labneh and Shisha pipe restaurants, kept in mind and became depressed with inactivity.
Everyone according to his abilities.
Since she had only heard ballads, Ailinn found it difficult to understand how the insulting words that Kevern had just spoken to her could ever be averted.
Music was an expression of love.
"They're not really insulting," Kevern said.
Except maybe for people whose feet are too big.
My father never offended anyone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him the deceptive feeling of security.
Nothing could overcome the sound insulation of the huge corrugated leaves.
Ailinn still didn't understand.
Why should your father love such a thing?
He wanted to say that it was a jux, but he was hesitant to put two fingers on her lips again in her presence.
She thought he was something strange anyway.
"It seemed funny to him," he said instead.
She unbelievably shook her head and blocked Kevern's vision.
There was nothing else to see all over the world but her unkempt gray hair.
There was nothing else he would have wanted to see.
"If you say it," she says without conviction.
But that doesn't yet explain why you're singing it to me.
She seemed genuinely concerned.
Are my feet too big?
He looked again.
Your feet not so directly.
Maybe your ankles, a little bit...
And you say you hate me because my knees are too fat?
Hating you?
Of course I don't hate you.
That's just the stupid song.
He could have said "I love you", but it was too early for that.
"Your thick knees are exactly why I missed you," he tried instead.
I'm a bit perverted.
That didn't sound right.
It was supposed to be funny.
When he tried to be funny, he often found himself in difficulties because like his father, he did not have the reassuring charm needed to emulate the cruelty inherent in witches.
Perhaps his father also wanted to be cruel.
Maybe he wanted to be, Kevern.
Despite his friendly eyes.
Ailinn Solomons became red and rose from her couch, threw over the console, and poured out the wine they had drunk.
Holunderblütenwein, so cunning was not an excuse for him.
In her excitement, she seemed to whisper, like a palm tree in a storm.
"And your fat head is exactly why I feel perversely drawn to you," she said...
Except that I am not at all.
She grieved him, both for the unnecessary insensitivity of his words and for the fear that appeared in her eyes when she stood up against him.
Did she think he was going to beat her?
She had not told him about life on the cold northern archipelago where she grew up, but he had no doubt that it was essentially like here.
The same huge and icy ocean broke here and there on the shore.
The same confused men, with even thicker skin and more embarrassing after WHAT HAPPENED than their ancestors had been smugglers and beach thieves, moved from pub to pub, always ready to raise their hand against a woman who refused to or laughed at them.
Thick Head?
They would have shown her a thick fist if she hadn't noticed!
They first hook - hook was the most commonly used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote to the non-spoken love balloons from the console - they first hook and then beat.
In Kevern's view, this was an unnecessary refinement, as Knutschen himself was already an act of violence.
Ailinn Solomons gave him a sign to walk through her body.
He rose from the chair like an old man.
She also felt bleeding, but the intensity of his grief surprised her.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She looked at him as he moved away - as her companion looked at him from a room on the upper floor - a man complaining of something he himself had promised.
Adam leaves the garden, she thought.
She felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, although some had raised their hands against her.
A man turned away from her, his back bent, shamed, defeated, without fighting spirit - why was that a sight she seemed to know well, if she could not remember a single time she had seen such a thing before today?
When she was alone again, Ailinn looked at Solomon's feet.
Several years before the events just described, Esme Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher on behalf of Ofnow, the non-legislative monitoring body for public mood, gave a short lecture on the continuing violence at low and medium levels in precisely the regions where its reduction, if not abolition, was most likely to be expected, given the money and energy invested in eradicating this violence.
"A lot has already been done, and much remains to be done," she wrote, "to confirm the innate aggression of a people that has waged a thousand wars and won most of them, especially in the remote corners and valleys of the country, where the sweet breath of human kindness, historically seen, was rarely felt despite the questionable church towers between the hedges.
But some properties turn out to be inexhaustible.
The higher the church tower, it seems, the less passion it continues to awaken.
The population weeps at the sound of sentimental ballads, deprives itself of stories of overcome difficulties and claims to believe firmly in the virtues of marriage and family life, but nevertheless not only does the former greed hold the rural communities firmly in hand, as does our urban fabric, but there is also evidence of the emergence of a new and persistent strife at home, at the workplace, on the streets and even on the playgrounds.
"They have an unfortunate tendency to exaggerate," her mentor said as he read the whole report.
I suggest that you read fewer novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask: are you an atheist?
"I don't think I have to say that," Esme Nussbaum replied.
Are you lesbian?
Once again Esme referred to her right to privacy and refusal of statement.
Feminist?
Silence again.
"I don't ask that," Luther Rabinowitz finally said, "because I would be against atheism, lesbianism or feminism.
This is an unbiased workplace.
We serve a society free from prejudice.
But certain types of hypersensitivity, which in themselves are absolutely acceptable and praiseworthy, can occasionally distort results as you have presented them.
You yourself obviously have prejudices against the Church, and these things that you describe as "intentional" and "roh" could be interpreted by others as well as an expression of natural strength and vitality.
If you go on walking around what happened when it happened, as if it happened yesterday, it means taking the country's essential life force.
Esme Nussbaum looked around while Rabinowitz spoke.
Behind his head, an LED sign in Flamingorosa repeated the advice that Ofnow had given to the country in the last quarter century or more.
Smile at your neighbors, appreciate your partner, listen to ballads, visit musicals, use your phone, talk, explain, listen, agree, apologize.
Speaking is better than silence, the word sung is better than written, but nothing is better than love.
"I absolutely understand what you want out of it," Esme Nussbaum replied with a quiet voice when she was sure that her boss had spoken at the end, "and I'm not saying anything but that we're not healed as effectively as we imagined.
My concern is that, without warning, we may find ourselves repeating the mistakes that led to WHAT IS RIGHT, WHEN IT IS RIGHT.
This time, however, it is not the others on whom we leave our anger and distrust.
Luther Rabinowitz formed a pyramid with his hands.
To mean an angel's spirit.
"You go too far," he said, "if you call acts "errors" that our grandparents may or may not have committed.
They also go too far when they say that they have left out their "fear" and their "trust" of "others".
It should actually not be necessary to remind someone in your position that in understanding the past as well as protecting the present, we do not speak of "we" and "others".
There was no "we" and there was no "other".
It was a time of disorder, that's all we know.
"From that, if we are honest with ourselves," Esme dared admit, "no part of society can claim to behave well.
I do not complain to anyone.
Whether it was done badly or well, what has happened has happened.
That was then.
There is nothing more to be said about this - that is what we agree on.
And just as no guilt must be assigned, no guilt must be relieved if such repayment is appropriate and if there is a way to relieve it.
But what serves the past if we do not learn from it -
The past serves to make us forget it.
If I may say something about it -
Luther Rabinowitz had his pyramid collapsed.
"I'll think about her report," he said, leaving her.
The next day, when she went to work as usual, she was overrun by a motorcyclist who, as described by passers-by, was driving in a kind of "brutal anger" on the footpath.
There are accidents.
Lesotho military member says no coup is planned; prime minister stays in South Africa
Official representatives of the military in Lesotho refused to plan a coup to overthrow the government and said they were against policemen accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country and reported that the country's army had surrounded his residence and occupied government buildings in the capital Maseru.
The prime minister brought his family to neighboring South Africa after he had reported threats of assassination.
Military spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that there was de facto no coup, but that the military responded to the threat posed by "political fanatics" whose weaponization by the police was imminent.
"What happened this morning was that the Task Force of Lesotho's Defense Forces acted after receiving several intelligence reports that within the police there were elements who actually wanted to arm some of the political, party-political young fanatics who were just about to cause devastating damage," he told Voice of America.
South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said the military action had given the impression of a coup.
"Even though no one has claimed to have raped the government, all reports agree that the activities of the Lesotho Defense Forces so far show signs of a coup," he said.
Military spokesmen from Lesotho said on Sunday that the soldiers were delaying in their barracks and that the situation in the capital was calm.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoya Metsing takes over the government during Thaban's absence.
Thabane shared that he believed he had become a target because of his attempt to fight corruption in the country.
There has been great tension in Lesotho since June, after Thabane suspended parliamentary sessions due to clashes in his unity government.
He said his actions had not been unterminated by the government, despite other accusations.
Production in the euro area at a 13-month rate
Growth in production in the eurozone slowed to the lowest point in the last 13 months in August, according to a closely observed study.
The final productivity purchasing manager index (PMI) fell to 50.7 in August, up from 51.8 in July.
A figure of over 50 indicates an expansion.
New orders returned and factories experienced breakdowns at a time of rising tensions between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The figures come before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
Markets expect the Bank to provide a clear plan for dealing with a delayed recovery in the euro area and for the impending deflation at an inflation rate of only 0.3%.
There is speculation that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, could give further details this week as to whether he is considering a quantitative easing for the euro area, in line with those made by the United Kingdom and the United States during the financial crisis.
"While small growth is better than no growth at all, the braking effects of increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainty have become clearer for manufacturers," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, Russia's largest trading partner in the EU, fell to its lowest level in 11 months at 51.4.
Meanwhile, in the bloc's second largest economy, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France remains a child of concern, as does Italy’s decline from a solid expansion to stagnation.
Indications that growth incentives in the key industrial mechanism in Germany, Spain and the Netherlands are no longer in place are also discouraging," said Mr Dobson.
The decline in industry is likely to fuel the fire of analysts expecting further monetary or fiscal stimulus.
Positive news came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economics expert at IHS Global Insight, said, "The best thing to say about the Eurozone's manufacturing purchasing manager index in August is that the sector will continue to grow afterwards."
He added: "Producers in the euro area are obviously finding life quite difficult at the moment, as the current heightened geopolitical tensions - particularly with regard to Russia and Ukraine - are exacerbating uncertainties in the still difficult conditions in many countries.
These increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy - in particular, and consumer confidence - and are likely to lead to some orders being delayed or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said it "will always be more likely" that the ECB will eventually have to initiate some kind of QE, "although we suspect this will be limited."
The Hell Year of the Survivors of Beslan: Ten years have passed since the terrible siege of the school, as the children trapped in it still suffer today.
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen militias in a school in Beslan, South Russia.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed in the three-day martyrdom that shocked the world.
We have returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who escaped death in the assault in the classroom.
Just a decade after the appalling siege of Beslan School, in which 334 people, including 186 children, were killed, the heroic survivors last night warned of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
As fanatical Islamist terrorists, children and parents caught and killed on September 1, 2004, the beginning of a new school year, seemed like the evil of the evil.
The tragedy united the West and the East in despair, and then, surprisingly, turned into action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who escaped death in the assault in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome resistance, even though the memory of this terrorist hell will persecute them forever.
Your greatest hope?
That the war that is now hitting Ukraine - and in which children like them are dying - is now coming to an end.
The girl who was photographed trying to climb back into the ruined school gymnasium
She was photographed by the Russian star photographer Dimitri Beliakov and became famous when she tried to climb back into the ruined school gymnasium in her underwear after a mine exploded.
Completely confused, Aida searched for her mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
Both were considered dead, but they survived.
"A woman told me I should run for my life, but I couldn't," Aida said then.
My legs were bloody.
I stood up and climbed back in to look for my mother.
A soldier brought her to safety.
After a series of operations, she felt completely healed, but said yesterday: "Three months ago the pain came back.
I'm afraid I'll have to have surgery again.
Some granite fragments are still in my knee.
Her goal now is to become a dentist to help people like she was helped by doctors.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it didn't break me," she says.
"That happened to me, and you can't change it.
Once a year I always go to the gym to remember those who have stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it on other days.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were little, and dreamed of going to school together.
"I don't want to marry until I finish my studies and start my career.
I think of a family later.
She says that the siege will always remain part of her, although the memory is getting weaker each year.
I am glad that many people around the world still remember our horrors and we are so grateful for the help we received from people in the UK and everywhere.
When I see the picture of myself climbing back to school online, I think many people see it for the first time, understand our catastrophe and help make sure that it doesn't happen again.
The boy who fled through the balloon thought his mother was dead
It was his first day of school (Russians go to school at the age of seven) and survived the three-day siege in the arms of his mother Tamara.
When he was seven years old, he said, "Mom told me to lay down if there was an explosion and hold her hand."
After an explosion he thought she would die.
She said to him, "Go."
Full of fear that she might be dead, he fled and saw a crying child on the way, grabbed it by the hand and fled through a balloon.
His father Vladimir, closing his son in the arms outside, said, "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said, "I couldn't save her."
In reality, Tamara was knocked out and injured in the hospital, believing her son had died.
After their reunification, she said, "I wept with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He ran in and embraced me.
Damir was later flown to London (from the now disbanded newspaper News of the World) to receive the title of Barnardo's Children's Champion from then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.
"This horror is chasing you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering," he said yesterday.
But I can say that it gets brighter in my memory.
I still know that right after that I threw away all my toy guns.
But now I can play computer games with shooting scenes and that's no problem for me.
"I'm not afraid to go back to the gym, but I don't think about myself.
I remember those kids I played with in the yard, and they didn't make it outside.
We never say that they were killed or dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember very well my trip to London, especially the toy store where I could choose anything I wanted, and the ride in a top-open car.
But now he is afraid of places like Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of misfortune he and his friends suffered.
This horror is chasing you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering it.
"I am so sorry for all those who suffer under the abominations," said Damir, who last week worked as a volunteer in a monastery.
I want to help so much.
I want to go to the police one day and hope they will take me to the training academy next year.
His mother Tamara, 48, said, "37 children from our neighborhood were killed, can you imagine that?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there were simply no children who could call and walk around, and this silence lasted many months.
She remembers vividly her trip to London with Damir.
The people in London wept when I told our story.
I understood then how people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings and show their support.
She was grateful to Cherie Blair and her foundation for the prize and the opportunity to travel to London in autumn 2004.
I wish I could call Cherie and just tell her myself that 10 years have passed, but I still remember meeting her and her husband in London, and how that helped Damir and me.
I still remember how Damir liked to eat borschch and she called all the local Russian restaurants.
I remember playing with waiters in a restaurant. Damir shot them with his water pistol and they ran away and played with him.
And that was only a month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British were so willing to share our pain and support us.
She said, "I always think that this world has not improved in these 10 years.
In Ukraine, the war is now continuing, and people are dying every day, and I believe that many children have been killed and are still being killed.
These are exactly such children as ours.
I think for many, war is part of the news they hear when they are bored or busy with something else.
I just know what these people feel, the whole horror.
And I can't stop feeling that.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other and that is so sad.
Damir grew up and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not aggressive or angry at all.
For example, he does not seek revenge, he is not overwhelmed by past abominations.
I know he doesn't like to remember it, but he has six close friends from the class and they occasionally go to the gym and light candles there.
When he was younger, he suffered from it - I remember sometimes lying on the sofa, his face turned away from us, for hours.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I also remember him throwing away all his weapons and other military toys. Damir is now 17 years older than me, smelling good, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe I was so sure for a few hours that he was dead and I would never see him again.
When I recovered from the explosion and got on my legs, I looked around, and I saw hell around me, with body parts lying all around.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy could not have survived in this hell.
"I remember calling him, 'Damir, run, run away,' but I was also so sure that he hadn't heard me.
But he heard it and he ran away.
And so life, unlike many others, goes on for us.
Georgiy Ilyin, 17
The boy whose terrible image became the symbol of the abominations of Beslan after the siege
Comfort: The Beslan survivor Georgij Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege of 2004, right a picture of Georgij today
His bloody face was marked by fear as he ran for his life, while Chechen terrorists shot down his classmates.
His painting was one of the most shocking symbols of the barbarism of Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a doctor, had dropped him off for his first day of school before she rushed to bring her older son Vladimir to the university.
"I left the courtyard about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it, and so my little boy stayed there alone for three terrible days," she remembers.
Not all alone, there was a whole family of relatives of us, but they were all killed.
Only my Georgij managed to survive.
The closer this date gets, the harder it is to think about it and talk about it.
There is not a single day when we do not remember this tragedy.
We don't think it's a long time ago, I think it would have happened yesterday, some scenes from these days are always following me.
No one will ever forget that, I promise you.
Impressive: The image of Georgij (left) was one of the most shocking of the attacks and was preserved as a statue (right).
I remember Georgij wanted to go to school that day so much. He said he wanted to embrace his teacher.
I only knew he was alive when I saw him on TV.
And now there is even this statue of the crying Georgian in San Marino.
Georgij does not like the picture, and it is hidden in our bookshelf at home.
I understand that, but I also think that people all over the world feel our pain thanks to this picture.
Georgij says today: "It is important that this can never happen again.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
People repeatedly investigate such tragedies and never learn the truth.
And now they are investigating the crash of this Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what caused it?
This world becomes something terrible.
"I can't understand how this is possible, because if you ask people, nobody wants a war, so how does this happen?
Ten years is nothing with such pain.
We need dozens of years to forget a little bit.
It has attacked my health and I still feel it.
For about three or four years I had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it got better.
I went back to school later in 2004 and was afraid every day.
I thought of my friends and classmates who had been killed.
That's why I always go to the gym when the 1st of September approaches.
I want to pay tribute to my old childhood friends.
It's hard for me to go to the gym, but I have to do it.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is now part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I am not sorry.
My life goes on.
I finished school this year and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I will be a heart surgeon.
My first choice was to train in the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health didn't allow it.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Georgiy Fanijev, 20
The boy who survived even though he was trapped under the feet of a murderous terrorist
A miracle: Georgiy Fanijew was captured at the feet of a murderous terrorist during the siege, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was caught in the gymnasium and sat next to the bomb, which was attached to the foot of a murderous terrorist.
It is really a miracle that he was not killed.
"We feel like it was yesterday," says Georgij, who wanted to go to the FSB as a intelligence officer but was unable to because of his health damage due to the siege.
It's still with me, it's nothing I left behind.
I am older now and people say that children can easily cope with bad experiences - I have to say that is not true.
"In 2006, I worked with psychologists and I actually felt a little better afterwards, but I can't forget it.
And I would like to forget.
2005 - the year after - was the first and only time I went back to the gym.
I lost consciousness.
I will never return there again and please do not ask me to show you where I have sat in this famous picture.
Survivor: Georgiy Fanijew today, with a photo of himself in hospital after the siege on his laptop
My pain is enormous and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or talk about it and they never asked me about school.
Physically I'm fine.
I should be careful with my injured knee, but I can run well now.
But because of my health, I couldn't study at the FSB's secret service academy in Saint Petersburg as I wanted.
I sent my documents, including the medical staff, and they replied that it was not possible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the Institute of Veterinary Medicine.
I've been there for two years.
He learns how to treat all animals "from cats to cows".
He said, "I knew I would never tell my children about my experiences.
Children should know nothing about this and they should of course not suffer.
His mother Marina, 42, said, "This pain never leaves me.
It is worse in my soul when the anniversary approaches.
I will go to the celebrations to commemorate.
I know that Georgia will not go away.
It has to be much more intense for him because he was there and I wasn't.
I waited for him at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he was given back to me. Here in Beslan they are all drawn.
It remains in us.
Georgij is now an adult, but this horror is still in him.
It is hard to accept that when something so unfair happens.
He is a boy, he likes sports, but he can't participate because of his knees.
He has been operated on several times, he can walk, but does not play sports.
I would say that he overcame the horror by 50%, but you can never completely overcome it and forget it.
This terrible experience will always follow us.
Many friends and neighbours were killed during the siege, and this only exacerbates my pain.
I lost many people that I knew well and that were expensive to me.
My son is with me, and that is the greatest gift that God could give me, but my heart cries for the dead.
I know of families where new children were born, but also of widows who never got married again.
It is hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want it.
I will never forget how my heart jumped into me when I saw him in the hospital.
And now I see what is happening in the world - wars in other regions.
What are these people fighting for?
Why do they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country and I can hardly believe it.
We used to be a friendly country, how can it be that we are now fighting?
People and children are suffering, and I am sure that many children have already been killed in Ukraine, and many are still being killed.
If only we could take all these rebels and throw them out - as far away as possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby was carried safely by a special operations command
Rescued: Aljona Tskaya is brought to safety by a Russian Special Operations Command (left).
She is now ten (right) and doesn't remember the atrocities at all
The world held its breath in 2004 when the baby Aljona was carried in the arms of a Russian policeman from the Beslan siege.
The terrorists let them go, but in their cruelty, their 30-year-old mother, 10-year-old sister Kristina and their brother Makhar stopped them in the school gymnasium.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Aljona's mother and sister died in the murderous massacre.
Her father Ruslan has since married again and has with his new wife Swetlana a little girl that he named after his lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, now ten years old, does not remember the siege and has grown into an intelligent and happy girl, neighbors say.
"They are now a great happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both great children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to save them all the memories that come with the tenth anniversary.
You will understand why.
Man accused of having crossed a girl on a pedestrian crossing in Fife
A 78-year-old man stands in court in Fife for overtaking a three-year-old girl on a pedestrian crossing.
Gordon Steward is accused of driving a girl at the Pittenween crossing in East Neuk.
The indictment alleges that Mr. Steward controlled his Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and injured the girl.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, drops the charges before the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC initiated the proceedings for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you would like to take photos or videos underwater, there is a selection of devices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot like the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an action camera like the GoPro Hero3+ Silver Edition, both of which cost about $300.
I took these photos at a family party with several cameras, all available at a price below $350.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery compartment and other compartments are close.
Add your camera to the photos or videos you want to record.
Some cameras and camcorders have scene and recording modes that optimize the exposure time for damp underwater conditions.
And before jumping in, check to what depth your equipment is functional.
Some cameras are only allowed for up to 5 feet, others up to 50 or 60 feet.
Search in our shopping guide and reviews for digital cameras for conventional and waterproof models.
Make multiple shots - because many will not clap.
Point-and-shoot cameras have an LCD with which you can compose pictures, action cameras normally do not.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see this underwater, and the correct image setting is a matter of luck.
So take many pictures.
If your camera has a row mode that allows you to take a series of shots with slightly changed exposure settings, use it.
Stay close to the surface.
The light gets dramatically worse as you move away from the surface.
So if possible, stay close to the surface when taking pictures in a pool, lake or sea.
This also allows you to bring more color into your photos; the deeper you go, the less color you will see.
Get close to the objects.
This is also good advice on land, but it is all the more important underwater because of the poor light conditions.
It's especially important when working with an action camera: these devices often have a fixed wide-angle lens, which means that you have to get closer to your objects if they are to fill the entire frame.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the sort whose character changed things, even in such a gigantic organization as the NHS.
As an advisory anesthesiologist, he devoted his career to the task of saving the sick both the agony of illness and the pain of treatment.
Among his patients, his wife recalls, was a MI6 employee who had to live with the devastating effects of torture.
Lawson knew that the diagnosis and diseases are important to doctors, while the treated are mainly concerned with something completely different: pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one whose path of suffering began.
"I didn't feel it," he wrote in May this year.
I had difficulty getting upset.
As he struggled with the flu-like symptoms, he noticed that he was reluctant to accuse his wife Juliet.
"I want everything sooner than later," he noted.
When Juliet was on a business trip for a week, Lawson felt uncommonly and unreasonably worried.
Something was in the air.
He asked a colleague to take a x-ray of his chest.
Only two weeks ago he had been skiing in the French Alps.
The results of the X-ray examination were available.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer that attacks the breast skin, that is, the skin that covers the lungs.
As with most cancers, the exact cause is usually difficult to determine.
While, for example, some smokers have lung cancer, not all lung cancer patients have been smokers before.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases, the trigger is an asbestos load - contact with the fiber material, which was once considered a "miracle" but has now been recognised as deadly.
For most of us, mesothelioma is a disease that can easily be ignored.
Asbestos is finally a product of the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos has not been used in the UK since the 1960s, when the industry voluntarily undertook not to use it anymore.
Even where it was still used, only people in certain industries worked directly with the material - gluers, construction workers, room workers and shipyard workers, for example.
As an industrial hazardous substance from a different time, it seems hardly worrying today.
But this self-satisfaction is inappropriate.
Britain, it seems, is experiencing the peak of a mesolithiom epidemic today.
There are more deaths due to mesothelioma here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, twice as many people die from this disease as from traffic accidents.
Annual figures of mesothelioma deaths since 1980 and projected future deaths in the United Kingdom
The reason why we are experiencing the deadly effects now, although asbestos has been illegal for years (all asbestos types were banned in 1999), is that a mesothelioma develops only after decades.
And the mesothelioma gypsy is not limited to former workers in the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and is often still, present in the houses in which we live, the offices in which we work, the schools in which we learn and the shops in which we shop.
And therefore Mesotheliom knows no class barriers, financial limits, professions or age.
The privileged bastions, from elegant shopping malls in London to private schools, are not a safe haven.
The parliament buildings are asbestos-free.
Even in hospitals, where we are supposed to get healthy, this deadly carcinogen has already been identified as a starting point.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not a stickler either.
It was indeed difficult for him to imagine where he might have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he found out.
"It looks like there was a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I completed my training for six years," he wrote.
All - students, nurses, doctors and pharmacists - use the tunnel.
One wonders, how many of my fellow elderly people will suffer from the same disease?
Unfortunately, he was able to answer this question at least partially.
"Of the four doctors who were trained at Guy's Hospital and who suffered from mesothelioma in the last five years," he wrote in a 2010 letter, "I am the last one who is still alive."
How many of us are still going to get sick?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma at the age of 48.
When he died on February 17, this year, he was 55.
This was an unusually long survival period.
Fifty percent of all mesothelioma patients die within 8 months of diagnosis.
The disease always ends deadly.
We can therefore only repeat Lawson's question: "How many of us are still going to get sick?"
The leading British expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, estimates that between 1870 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic in the UK is expected to come to an end, a total of 90,000 people will be affected by the disease.
Most of them at the moment have no idea that they will die like this.
Asbestos mines in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A brief look at the court files to which victims often turn for damages claims shows how widespread the plague of mesothelioma is already.
In June of this year, Marks & Spencer admitted, for example, that Janice Allen had improperly exposed herself to asbestos.
She worked for the chain for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, and was responsible for the clothing department at two locations, one of which was the flagship store on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years old when she started working at M&S.
Now she has two children in her twenties.
"Before this thing," she says, "I've never heard of mesothelioma, I didn't even really know anything about asbestos.
I never thought this would happen to me.
There are very few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the term asbestos does not refer to a substance, but to a group of six minerals.
The name comes from the word "Asbestiform", a description of the fiber structure that makes the fabric resilient and flexible.
Three of the six were used in the construction industry.
Chrysotile, also known as white asbestos, is today by far the most common asbestos found in buildings.
It has been used for roof panels, floor panels, pipe insulation, boiler insulation, even for brake coverings in cars.
It is less deadly than other asbestos forms, but is nevertheless regarded by the EU and WHO as a "large health risk" with potential deaths.
However, the more dangerous are the brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts suspect that "it gives clear, but indirect, indications that this was a major reason for the uniquely high mesothelioma rates."
An employee of Marks & Spencer was exposed to asbestos at the flagship store in Oxford Street, London Alamy
Janice Allen may not have seen herself as a typical mesothelioma victim, but the work of Julian Peto indicates that her story is not unusual.
He has presented a study of the affected in which it is presented that "a significant proportion of mesothelioma without known interruption by work or at home was probably caused by asbestos contact in the environment."
According to him, most of these contacts are based on the "normal use and ageing" of our buildings.
It looks like no one can assume to be safe.
A report by Goddard Consulting, which examined the Palace of Westminster, shows how people, even in the heart of the government, could have been unwittingly exposed to the substance.
In 2009, Goddard reported that the service bays and pipelines behind Parliament's committee rooms were contaminated with asbestos, whose deadly fibres could be wiped out by something as harmless as "strong air movements".
Members of Parliament are often accused of taking care of their own interests, but here it looks like the opposite is happening.
While the directive of the Parliamentary Labour Service insisted that Westminster Palace received a "clean health certificate", it is now clear that £1 billion of work over several years will have to be spent to renovate Parliament, modernise electrical installations and remove asbestos, and that after the 2015 general elections, MEPs will probably meet in the nearby QE2 conference centre rather than on the green benches in Westminster.
The Goddard report also pointed out that "the presence of asbestos was not handled in accordance with the relevant provisions."
No one can know if this mismanagement will cost lives.
All you can do now is wait.
One person who could never accurately determine contact with asbestos is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson suspects, the 50-year-old Abbott was exposed to asbestos during his work in hospitals.
"I worked in a hospital where asbestos lawsuits were passed positively," he says, "but I cannot prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all the places where you worked and the data.
What he remembers exactly is the day at the beginning of December 2009, when he got this kind of fever.
He was 45, and had just undergone an operation late in the evening.
Suddenly I had shotgun rust.
It came all of a sudden.
I felt terrible.
I thought I couldn't make the journey home any more.
As a doctor Abbott knew that the pain from the chest skin, the skin around his lungs.
But like Janice Allen, he had no reason to suspect a mesothelioma.
He did not go to work for a month.
Surprised doctors took X-rays of his chest and used pleuracathethers to extract fluid from his lungs and test it in the laboratory.
His complaints, however, remained undiagnosed.
His health improved slowly, and he returned to his workplace.
However, from time to time the symptoms returned, often after sporting activity and heavy breathing.
In 2011, a patient Abbotts came to his clinic with similar symptoms and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even now Abbott did not associate this with his own case.
Finally, his patient was several decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection in the case was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott's condition deteriorated again and his home doctor brought his CT scans and X-rays to an expert group.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott felt sick for the first time, a camera-equipped probe was launched into the cave between the ribs and chest.
I am an optimist.
Most of the time I just keep going," he says.
Honestly, I hadn't worried so much at all.
But Rachel, my wife, was worried.
The result of the biopsy was in the week between Christmas and New Year: "I was told it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: Diagnosis of mesothelioma
Suddenly Abbott had appointments with Macmillan's nurses, one of whom advised him to get a lawyer.
Only now did he understand the extent of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was very widespread, especially in large public buildings where pipes were often isolated with asbestos," he says.
People who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings are now getting sick.
And so Mesotheliom now meets younger people who have not worked in the typical professions.
The most dangerous tubes with asbestos insulation in hospitals were underground, so patients were probably not exposed to the substance.
But many employees who moved from one building to another in pedestrian tunnels (like Andrew Lawson) or ate in underground canteens (as Graham Abbott often did) were most likely to come into contact with the toxic substances.
It turns out that for several decades after the war hospitals may have been life-saving for patients, but life-threatening for the doctors treating them.
It is still removed today.
Students put their bunsenbrenners on asbestos mats.
And it is not just about hospitals.
Due to its fabulous insulating and flammable properties, asbestos has often been used in offices, shops, libraries and city halls.
Schools too.
In fact, many people probably had their first contact with asbestos in the classroom.
Throughout the country, in thousands of chemistry classes, students have put their toothbrushes on asbestos mats.
The topic of asbestos in schools is now frequently mentioned on websites.
And meanwhile, asbestos is standardly contained in innocuous objects in our houses, such as floor tiles or ceilings.
"It's an industrial poison that is contained in large parts of our real estate," notes Andrew Morgan, the lawyer Andrew Lawson represented in his trial against Guy's Hospital.
In one case, the only contact a woman encountered was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
So adjust how you cut your garden chucks.
The impact of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
"It takes a while to process that," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but I noticed that I couldn't focus on what I was doing.
I was in practice for two weeks.
Then I knew I had to go and take care of myself.
Well, I won't see another Christmas party.
With the greatest difficulty was the change of perspective from the position of a doctor to that of a patient.
Like countless patients before him, he remembers how overwhelmed he was by all the information he had to deal with.
"It was very difficult to record all this," he says.
"I asked my doctor, "How long do I have yet?"
And I was given about 12 months.
I remember thinking, "Well, I'm not going to experience another Christmas party.
That was it then.""
Mesothelioma is particularly harmful because it is our life support mechanism - breathing itself - that causes the deadly cancer.
Most cases of mesothelioma are caused by asbestos contact.
Asbestos consists of the smallest fibers.
When the asbestos is unwrapped and the fibers are inhaled, they can be embedded in the breast skin, the skin around the lungs.
Asbestos fibers irritate breast skin and can cause cell mutations.
"The problem arises with the inhaled needle-shaped asbestos fibres," says Professor Tom Treasure, a heart-to-horax doctor who moved to Guy's Hospital in 2001.
The very hospital Andrew Lawson suspects has exposed him to asbestos is now, ironically, a leading centre in the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some others who were probably also exposed to asbestos during their training at the hospital.
As soon as the asbestos needles reach the lung tissue, Treasure says, "they will be pushed to the edge where the skin is from the breathing process.
It is naturally invasive from the beginning.
The usual options for other cancers do not work as well for mesothelioma.
For example, the effectiveness of an operation is highly controversial.
Some think it is worth a try.
Treasure denies this.
"You can't cut out the breast skin," he says.
They don't come around with the knife.
Meanwhile, cancer "does not speak very well on chemotherapy," which "shows efficacy", but does not cure.
"Sometimes there are long-term survivors," Treasure says.
But in the end they all die.
Fortunately, some patients actually live longer, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after the diagnosis.
Two and a half years after his own diagnosis, Graham Abbott is still struggling.
After contacting Mesotheliom, Abbott contacted Andrew Lawson, who, four years after his diagnosis, had become a one-man support and advisory office for clients.
"Hello, Cancer Center," he said cheerfully when called.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He had received his diagnosis four years earlier and was still very active.
Initially, Abbott had been offered six chemotherapy cycles, which would last four months and would probably extend his life by only one month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, managed to "show things in a somewhat more positive light."
After consulting several doctors, Abbott decided to continue his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski, a cardiothorax specialist at Guy's.
"We had an advantage because I didn't have to be redirected, I just called and got an appointment," Graham admits.
A normal patient would have to receive a transfer and wait for treatment approval.
Money is crucial for mesothelioma sufferers to be able to realize the best available therapies.
But when these treatments eventually inevitably fail, many affected people are left with another financial worries - about the future of the families who leave them behind.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been known since 1898 that asbestos is extremely dangerous for health," says Morgan.
But what changed in the 1960s was that it was recognized that even a very low load posed a health risk.
And here the negligence of the companies started to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital eventually filed their case, but it was not what Morgan calls "full compensation", as Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his mesothelioma was due to asbestos contact at Guy's.
After the investigation into his death, however, a Guy's spokesman confirmed that "the asbestos fibres in the affected basement area were removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, it is a huge problem for mesothelioma sufferers seeking compensation to attribute the deadly asbestos contact to a company or a workplace - usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers have been sold or closed.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those who defend themselves against claims know that the time is right for them, but certainly not with the plaintiffs.
In response, this year there were clear new legislation that makes it easier for mesothelioma patients to sue for compensation, even if their former employers are no longer to be found.
The law has set up a £350 million fund, funded by the insurance industry, for anyone who has been diagnosed after July 2012 to be able to prove a contact, but not to sue anyone.
In these cases, the plaintiffs receive 80 per cent of what a court could have promised them in a normal damages process - about £120,000.
Approximately 300 successful applications for the programme are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks, like so many mesothelioma patients, that £350 million was a "very good job" for the insurance industry.
"This is a deal between insurers and insurers," he says, indicating that this is a quarter of what insurers would have had to pay if time hadn't gone by and mesothelioma sufferers would have found the companies and could have filed a lawsuit normally.
Mike Penning, then Minister of Labour and Pensions, also admitted that the law was "not perfect".
But both Penning and Morgan admitted that, in the face of seven deaths a day, rapid action was needed.
"People are suffering so much and need help today," Penning said during the second hearing of the Mesotheliom Act last December.
At that time, Graham Abbott had been in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski for 19 months.
After their initial consultations, Lang-Lazdunski recommended an operation that he expected to have a positive effect, unlike Tom Treasure.
This was accompanied by radiation therapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy, with which Lang-Lazdunski can present a survival rate of up to 40 percent over five years.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"That's of course the most important thing," says Abbott.
You see this again and again in patients.
There is something that keeps you going.
If you give up, you'll get worse very quickly.
Graham Abbott underwent surgery in March 2012.
At the end of August he had the last of the six chemotherapy cycles behind him.
Postoperative scans showed no signs of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There were several cancer spots around my chest.
I just turned 50.
This is not life-threatening.
This is life-threatening.
Abbott underwent six chemotherapy cycles again.
Now no trace of the tumors is visible.
But the process is physically and psychologically very stressful.
You need to think about practical things - about the money when I'm gone, for example, or show my wife how the boiler time setting works.
If you get bad news, you become negative.
You have to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, this is not always easy.
"It's hard for parents," he says.
It is difficult to know what to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I told my girl that I had a disease with which I would not get old.
They reacted very differently.
Tamsin is very loving and uncomfortable.
She told her friends and we soon got a lot of calls.
Ellie was reticent.
She didn't say much.
Such conversations are something that all cancer patients have to go through.
But for patients with mesothelioma such conversations are not conducted by hope, not by a trace of hope for survival.
The illness brings (as in the end also for Stephen Jay Gould) a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, "Mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Body of embalmed Pharaohs wrapped in asbestos clothing
Asbestos fibres used for strengthening cooking pots and for greater heat resistance.
Plinius the Elder describes asbestos.
A fabric has been developed that is not flammable.
I've seen napkins smell of it at parties in the cafes.
The use of modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to produce paper (also banknotes) and fabric.
Important asbestos mines will be opened in Canada and South Africa and shortly thereafter in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal insulating material for steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
Global asbestos production is increasing to more than 30,000 tons annually.
Statisticians at Prudential identify a premature death rate among those working with asbestos, who are no longer insured for life.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke states that asbestos particles in the lung "without any reasonable doubt are the main cause of death".
This is the first case of this kind.
Kershaw's employer, Turner Bros Asbestos, assumes no liability.
No damages will be paid.
During the Second World War, ships were built intensively, one of the deadliest installations with asbestos contact.
Voluntary industry opt-out from blue asbestos imports
An appeals court confirms the first successful claim for compensation for personal injury in the United Kingdom for contact with asbestos.
Global asbestos production is increasing to more than 4,213,000 tons annually.
The United Kingdom imports 139,000 tons.
A health and safety executive in the UK obliges all companies working with asbestos to obtain licenses.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos is prohibited by law in the UK.
Any use of asbestos is prohibited in the UK.
The Mesotheliom Act is passed in the United Kingdom.
A compensation programme of £350 million is announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in many countries of the world as a cheap building material.
The worldwide production is about 2 million tons annually.
China denies Hong Kong right to government election, demonstrators swear retribution
On Sunday, despite growing calls for democratic reforms, the Chinese parliament voted against the nomination of candidates for the 2017 elections by the Hong Kong electorate.
This is likely to fuel the long-anticipated protests in Hong Kong's business district, while activists initiated planning and mobilization within hours of the resolution.
The decision of the Chinese People's Congress allows the Communist leaders, in principle, to reject all non-peking candidates.
"This is not unexpected, but it makes us angry," said Emily Lau, a legal expert, chairman of the Democratic Party.
That is not what Beijing has promised.
The inhabitants of Hong Kong have been lied to.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In his defense of the Chinese decision, Li Fei, Deputy Secretary General of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said approval of public nominations in the Hong Kong government elections would be too "chaotic".
Since 1997, when Great Britain gave back control of Hong Kong to the Chinese, Beijing has pledged to let the inhabitants vote for the government from 2017.
The Chinese leadership presented Sunday's decision as a democratic breakthrough, because Hong Kong's citizens have a direct right to vote, but the decision also makes it clear that the Chinese leadership is keeping the process through a closely controlled nomination committee in its hands.
Under a new clause, only candidates "with love for the country and love for Hong Kong" will be admitted.
The decision follows a summer when some of Hong Kong's largest and most publicly effective protests took place for several years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong lies the Occupy Central With Love and Peace movement, whose organisers have threatened to shut down the financial district if Beijing does not allow genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, within hours of the proclamation, hundreds of Occupy Central supporters had gathered in the rain in front of the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
At the demonstration, the organizers said that their movement had reached a new level of civil disobedience and they were planning protest waves in the coming weeks.
However, they did not give any details, apparently in order to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online communication, the organizers shared that the movement "has considered the occupation of the central district only as a last resort, an action that should take place only when all the possibilities for dialogue are exhausted and there is no other choice.
We are sorry to have to say that today all the opportunities for dialogue have been exhausted and that the occupation of the central district will definitely take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong have been preparing for the announcement of Beijing for days, and on Sunday in front of the government building there were tightened security measures including police and barricades.
The unrest is exacerbated by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they are slowly losing control of their city.
The arrival of people from the mainland increases competition for products and services.
Furthermore, there is growing fear that Hong Kong’s values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, will start to crumble under Beijing’s growing pressure.
Some criticized the demonstrations of the Occupy Central Movement as jeopardising Hong Kong's business lifeline.
"The protests they are talking about could cause great economic damage, depending on how many are involved and how long they last," said legal expert Regine Ip, who has long criticized the movement.
We do not want to raise fears that Hong Kong will go out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
The state-controlled Chinese media also recently reported on the democracy activists in Hong Kong as subversive agents controlled by Western powers.
This summer, activists organised an unofficial referendum on electoral rights, in which 780,000 people took part - more than a fifth of Hong Kong's voters.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
The tradition of school graduation balls in the United States is now transferred to universities, where freshmen performances are offered with the private airplane.
We are looking forward to responding to this demand and offering the first luxury travel service in the UK for students of today.
In order to achieve a particularly impressive performance at the university, the company also offers transport options such as private aircraft, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also stated that the service had a security side.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who would otherwise have to cuddle their habits in a dangerously overloaded car across the country.
Together with our new VIF options, this year we are looking forward to ensuring that students reach the university with a minimum of effort and a maximum of luxury.
A company spokesman said that there were no new bookings as the service had just been introduced, but added that "students would book the service in the coming weeks".
The company also stated that it expects a market for this offer despite the tuition fees of £9,000 per year.
Students today differ greatly in their expectations and demands from students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago - it is more important than ever to make a great first impression, and with VIF you can do just that.
The National Student Union, however, criticized the service as cancelled.
Megan Dunn, Vice President of NUS for Higher Education said: "This offer seems completely separate from the lives of the majority of students.
Many students who start studying this month are facing a crisis of living expenses, as the available financial aid in the form of loans and scholarships do not keep pace with the sharply rising bills for the simplest forms of living before they can even think about spending thousands of pounds on something as simple as getting to the dorm.
Feminists criticize racial issues and police behaviour after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo. earlier this month.
The participants raised their hands in the air and sang, "Head up, don't shoot," while waiting for the funeral.
Following two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo, over the shooting of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a change in online discussions of white feminists.
According to their experience, white feminist commentators put gender before race when it comes to addressing reproductive rights and income inequalities.
However, while tensions in the Middle West rose and received attention throughout the country, Perez saw that white women's responses were 100% about race.
Compared to the responses of black women shortly after the 9 August shootings, the personal essays with titles such as "Gedanken zu Ferguson von einer weißen Frau" and "Feminism is not just about the oppression of women" came relatively late.
But for Perez this meant an important change.
"I don't think there are many people in feminism who talk about whiteness and privilege in such a high-class way," she said.
People felt compelled to express something about the incidents.
It is characteristic of the crisis in which we find ourselves and because the situation in Ferguson is so ethnized that they have to express that.
For English professor Koritha Mitchell of Ohio State University, Ferguson brought to light problems that black Americans face every day, but which are not considered "women's issues" in the cultural space.
"I can post something funny about myself and my partners on Facebook and get 150 likes from everywhere," Mitchell said.
When I post about how colourful people are being besieged in their own country, the silence is astonishing.
"How can it be safe for women to talk publicly about a relationship, but not about security in public?" she asked.
For black women like Mitchell, who have studied race, gender, and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between race and gender problems.
For them, black women have not had the luxury of separating the topics cleanly; they live every day in a combined reality.
While white women are now linking the issues of race and gender in feminist mainstream circles, Angela Hattery, Professor of Women and Gender Research at George Mason University, says that their predecessors did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890, at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the reason was almost always the rape of a white woman," Hattery said.
White women had to participate in the story to justify the lynching.
For Hattery, the split between white and black women came at the point when white women's election campaigners such as Susan B. Anthony analyzed the country in the late 19th century and found that the struggle for the right to vote could only be successful for one group: women or blacks.
"They made the decision to stand for women's right to vote, and the right to vote for blacks should come later," Hattery said.
When one remembers such things, one becomes powerfully aware of why coloured women do not trust white women.
We have not done our job well.
We have never helped black women protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women were granted the right to vote in 1920, it took another decade for white women to organize against lynching in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching.
The group was founded almost 40 years after the original request for help from black women, Mitchell says.
For Mitchell, the flood of white feminist responses to the questions raised by Ferguson - police behaviour, racial discrimination - is a reflection of the times when white feminists "played" with the problems that black women have faced for generations.
"Wouldn't it be great if activists who have such traditional feminist platforms took the right to raise a child as seriously as they do with the right to birth control?" asked Mitchell.
Second-generation feminists who built their careers on the struggle for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives are now trying to understand what this means.
The well-known white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went on Facebook two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown and published a pointed article by Rebecca Carroll, a columnist for the Guardian, in which she demanded more protests from white Americans on the subject of racism.
"I hope that women who have a different but parallel reason to understand a danger inherent in the body - and opinions about race that are clearly different in public polls - will lead to the changes," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem advocates a more cross-sectional feminism in which race as well as gender issues are addressed, some of her comments on race issues in America are surprising.
Christina Sommers, a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who Stole Feminism?" told She The People that young men in the United States, especially young men of color, "are far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinem's remarks about Ferguson contradict her earlier criticism.
There are now hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House recently launched a small program, My Brother's Keeper, to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men, there were angry reactions from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The relationship between the police and the black community is not the only problem that is pushing mainstream feminism to the forefront.
After the US Border Police arrested nearly 63,000 unaccompanied minors at the country's southwest border this year, the issue of immigration reform is also on the surface again - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, co-chair of We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women for immigration reform, said that in order to rethink the issue as an essential women's issue, she simply needed to publish the stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," Mercado said.
If the vast majority of work visas go to male immigrants, the women who accompany them are in a position where they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories find a resonance in women's organisations," she said.
"Schweine-Haus" in Ipswich for sale
The image of a house for sale was removed by real estate agents when it became clear that it showed a large pig that had made it comfortable in the living room.
The detached house has a bedroom, is located on a private street in Ipswich and is offered for £120,000.
The details included a picture of the living room of the house - which also included a pig that had laid his head on a sofa.
Real estate agent Connells said the pig in the photo was the owner's pet.
"However, the photo was erroneously published and has since been removed," said a company spokeswoman.
In the exhibition of the house, Connells described the former assembly house as "a unique one-bedroom family house."
Although the maker has removed the image from the website, it still appears on advertising material.
The sale of the house generated interest in social media when some asked whether the pig was included in the purchase price.
The SW-City Harvey hosts a new millionaire after a lottery win
A lottery player from Harvey is approaching this month
The search for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth continues, with a lucky winner receiving almost $1.1 million from Saturday's lottery draw.
A newspaper kiosk in Harvey pulled the jackpot in the first division draw for the second time in five years, after $1 million in November 2009.
However, the lucky winner still has to report.
The store owner Steve Forward said the profits provide conversational material in the small town in the southwest of Perth.
The city talks of nothing else, and everyone is quite excited.
We thought that such a gain could occur.
Eight WA winners celebrated wins in the first division last month, a fitting conclusion for a few happy weeks for the players in the state.
Last week, a player from Canning Vale became one of the five millionaires in August, after a couple from Belmont had won the $7.5 million grand prize just a few weeks earlier.
The winning couple had been playing for twenty years and said the win would allow them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house.
The Harvey millionaire is the 59th winner of the first division in WA this year, with a total of almost $85 million.
Leonidas asked to the Gladiator Arena
Not only the gladiators stood knee-deep in the Matsch during the first Rheinbacher Römertag in the leisure park.
However, the attraction of the event was strong enough to attract far more than 1,000 visitors yesterday, who defied the rain showers and the autumn cold and remained fascinated by the historical spectacle.
There was a colourful chorus of representations, performances, games, exhibition pieces and information about the time of the Romans and their significance for the Rhineland.
The main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the martial fighters troop from the Gladiator School "Amor Mortis", which used every rainy break to demonstrate their robust martial art in the arena prepared with soft sand.
Gladiator owner "Leonidas" proved to be a humorous and wise presenter and sent his men into the ring one after the other for a heroic duel in various Gladiator performances.
At first, the "Provocators" were in line with a right wing shield and a short sword, as well as a leg shield on the left leg and arm shield on the right arm.
It was followed by the "Essedarii" with chest shield, short sword and root plant as well as an iron Gladiator helmet, leg and arm protection.
Particularly impressive was the performance of the "Retiarius", who attacked the "Secutor" with a sword net, a trident and a dove and after a short fight the buffalo fell to the ground.
As the swords struck each other metallicly, the shields scrambled and the plants flew rushing through the arena that could become a fear and a shock for the health of the gladiators.
But the imposing "Summa Rudis", the masculine referee, always had an attentive eye on them.
"We wanted to revive the Roman everyday life and make the culture of the Roman period viable," Lorenz Euskirchen, chairman of the organizer "Freundeskreis Römerkanal", explained the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation, the theme park became an "Oppidum Romanum", a Roman city for one day, as Deputy Mayor Claus Wehage stated in his greeting.
After all, the Romans brought not only war and conquest into our region, but also Roman culture and numerous buildings that we still admire today.
Remains of it were also to be admired on the Roman day, for example "Aqueduct marble" from the eleven-metre high and 1400-metre long Roman canal bridge, which stood directly at Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus Society faced the water and energy supply once and now, and Managing Director Petra Fricke knew: "Today we still draw benefits from the knowledge of that time".
This is also confirmed by the graduate measuring engineer Ralph Heiliger of the "EngineerteamZwei" from Rheinbach, who presented the Roman measuring instruments such as chorobat, groma or dioptra.
The Roman villa in Blankenheim presented sketches and models from the excavations of 1894 as well as brick stones from the original hypocasus, the hot air heater that once heated the Roman villa.
Impressive are also the footprints left by Wolf and Fox two thousand years ago in the clay footprints before they were burned.
In 2011, the Land Denkmalpflege Office of the Landesverband Rheinland excavated the remains of a Roman villa in the Gewerbepark Nord in Rheinbach.
Covering walls of a commercial building with a drain for drying grain and milking have been found.
The building probably belonged to a Villa Rustica, an agricultural estate, archaeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser explained.
She presented a series of finds from these excavations in a glass vitrine, including a large dish, several fine glass vessels and parts of a tiny necklace.
Morscheiser believes that the villa probably existed from the first to the fourth century after Christ, until the Germans invaded the then Roman Rhineland.
In addition, the children engaged in the Roman wind mill game, similar to today's mill game, or they wrote their names with metal handles on wax boards, as the Roman students once did.
At the stand of the Römerthermen Zülpich the children were allowed to put mosaics themselves, at the stand of the glass museum Rheinbach to make glass mosaics and at the stand of the nature center Eifel Nettersheim to use a heavy wheat mill made of stone to grind the flour for a flat bread or a bowl.
The visitors drove through the amusement park with the originally reconstructed Roman carriage drawn by two cold-blüters and passed the impressive stand of the municipal gymnasium, which presented the results of their "Roman Project Weeks".
With a Roman week from 13 to 21 September, the municipality of Wachtberg will also take part in the Rhine-wide Roman Year 2014, which is to commemorate the death of Emperor Augustus 2,000 years ago.
Together with the Homeland and History Associations as well as the Wachtberger Wander-Verein, the Partnershipsverein and the Laienspielkreis Oberbachem, the thematic walks, a lecture, Kochabende and guided tours for school classes will be offered and will remind of the Roman past of Wachtberg.
For example, a Roman legionary will tell about his work on the abandoned Wachtberg, plants will be presented as living monuments from the Roman period and a funny lesson on intercultural understanding between a group of Wachtberger "Germans" and attracted Romans will be presented.
The Adendorf elementary school devotes itself to Roman subjects as part of a project week.
With the Roman Week, the numerous, but often no longer visible, traces of the Romans in Wachtberg are to be re-examined.
In the Wachtberger Rathaus, a small presentation will commemorate the discovery of the Berkumer Matronenheiligtum in 1879.
Ebola: The epidemic burdens West Africa’s economy
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a serious blow to the economy.
Markets are vanishing - and international companies are moving away.
The devastating Ebola epidemic is hitting the West African economy hard.
Crops are rotting in the fields, mines have been abandoned and markets have disappeared - the virus has hit the region hard.
Several international companies are already going a long way.
"The Ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis, but also an economic one," said the head of the African Development Bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is hit hardest
"It's a total disaster, we're losing a lot of money," says Alhaji Bamogo, who sells clothing at the second largest market in Liberia's capital, Monrovia.
Only those who want to buy food or something to disinfect against Ebola come to the market.
Liberia is the worst affected by the virus, with more than 600 people suffering from the fever here alone.
Recently, the health authorities declared that the disease had spread to every corner of the country.
The virus has also spread to Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
In total, more than 1,500 people have already died, and thousands more were trapped.
Foreign companies deploy employees
Companies operate throughout the resource-rich countries.
Foreign companies such as the steel company Arcelor Mittal are withdrawing their employees, and several international airlines are no longer flying to the affected regions.
Local traders and farmers are also responding: few merchants are leaving their hometowns to buy supplies.
In some areas of Sierra Leone and Liberia, which are subject to quarantine, cocoa and coffee beans on the fields, which are important for export, are being destroyed.
The farmers do not dare to leave their homes for the harvest.
Food is scarce
"People are going to travel less and less," says Phillipe De Vreyer, a Parisian expert on West Africa's economy.
The man, for example, who usually goes to the market and sells his vegetables, prefers to stay home.
The population is therefore experiencing the consequences of the epidemic directly and forcefully: food is becoming scarce.
In the markets, the stock of basic foods such as rice is declining.
At the same time, the region, which is heavily dependent on international companies, threatens to damage its image - with far-reaching consequences.
The biggest danger is that international companies will basically avoid the area for a long time, says Philippe Hugon of French think tank Iris.
It is crucial how far and how long the virus will spread.
Investors may get the impression that "it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and thus to invest," warns Hugon.
The disease also burdens the strained state budgets of the states
The disease also burdens the already strained state budgets of the affected states.
The rating agency Moody's fears that their budgets will be heavily burdened by the high expenditure on the health system and, in addition, by the deteriorating economy.
The African Development Bank has already pledged to contribute $60 million (EUR 45 million) to the health systems of the affected countries.
The effects are already evident in Nigeria, where so far only a few cases of Ebola have been diagnosed.
Although the oil-rich region in southern Niger Delta has not been affected so far.
But elsewhere, many people are already staying at home for fear of infection.
Reservations in hotels are also significantly declining.
Shooters celebrate their 50th anniversary
The Schützenverein "Tannenwald" Berngau celebrates its 50th anniversary from 12 to 14 September.
At the Schützenverein Tannenwald, preparations are under way for the 50th anniversary of its founding from 12 to 14 September.
Planned is a big entertainment evening with the group "Dorfrocker" on Friday, September 12.
On Saturday at 18 o'clock is the big bullet shooting.
Afterwards, the atmosphere evening with the "Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam" is held in the large tent.
Blaskapelle provides for the music
Highlights on Sundays are the festive service and 9.30 a.m. in the parish church and the large festive march at 14 a.m.
In the afternoon is also the prize distribution of the Federal and Gauschießen.
A particularly beautiful view will be the 25 Festdamen with their dirndln.
The main chapel is the Blaskapelle Berngau.
Mayor Wolfgang Wild and State Secretary Albert Füracker took over the patronage.
The original name "Schützengesellschaft Tannenwald Berngau" comes from 1907, when on March 21, the association for "social entertainment through exercise in room stunts and small rifle shooting" was founded.
The Nazi regime had caused the dissolution of the association in 1937.
Only in 1964, 19 young men found themselves again, who on 30 April baptised the "new" Schützenverein "Tannenwald" Berngau in the Gasthaus Lukas.
Karl March and Adolf Ried led the club through a difficult initial period as shooter champions, primarily in finding a clubhouse and installing the shooting operation.
Already in the autumn of 1965 the Schützenverein started in the Gasthaus "Leininger" with two teams in the round competitions.
In the following years, the sportsmen, who were now organized in seven teams, established themselves in all classes up to the 1st Gauliga.
The club's records were broken every year and the magical limit of 380 rings was first reached in 1980 by Rudi Meier.
Just as the performance of the active guards has increased, the number of members has also developed positively.
After the club's premises "Leininger" have no longer been sufficient to meet the demands of a modern Schützenverein, the then board of directors under the leadership of Johann Rinn decided to create a future domizil in the cellar rooms of the new "Landgasthof Härteis".
On 8 May 1988, after a workload of 2700 hours, Pastor Strasser granted the ecclesiastical blessing for the new guard rooms.
One of the great highlights in the club's history was certainly the 44th Gauschießen, connected with the solemn dedication of the new shotgun in July 1991.
On 23 and 24 April 1994, the Schützenverein celebrated its 30th anniversary.
In 1995, a group of criminals was founded.
Josef Schmalzl became Böller's rapporteur.
A big challenge for the "Böllerer" and for the association as a whole was the direction of the Bayerische Böllertreffen 2005.
In many hours of voluntary work, the members of the association last year have modernised the rooms and the shooting system at the Berngauer Hof and thus brought it to the latest state of the art.
Eleven teams in indoor racing
You can also see the sporting achievements of the Schützenverein.
A total of eleven teams currently participate in the round competitions: six air rifle teams, one air pistol team, one sports pistol KK1, one youth and two AH teams.
The first team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi Grad and Kerstin Kellermann has risen in the 2013/14 round from the Gauoberliga (highest league in Schützengau ANB) to the District League 1.
The second team with Verena Moosburger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml has moved from the Gauliga Nord to the Gauoberliga.
In addition to shooting, events such as bockstechen, carnival and kingsball, club trips and Christmas celebrations have a tradition.
The guards are also present at the feasts in the parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers an accident when returning to the racetrack
Tony Stewart's return to the racetrack ended about halfway through his race at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart raced against the wall for the second time after placing his right front tires in lap 172 and ending his evening.
Stewart drove his damaged car into the garage and left without talking to journalists.
His team leader Chad Johnston said his 14-strong team was disappointed, but now focuses on the race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we'd had a better match and a better result for him," Johnston said.
We are going to Richmond and hope we can do better there.
Stewart had already driven into a wall on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Busch and had to have the right side of his car repaired.
"I went in today with quite good hopes for a good result," Johnston said, adding, "It just didn't work out."
Not long after the second accident Stewart's car was loaded into the tugboat and the team had packed and was ready to depart.
Stewart had three NASCAR Sprint Cup races cancelled after his car hit and killed another driver at an ash race in northern New York State.
He decided to return this week and win either in Atlanta or the next race in Richmond to win a place in the pursuit.
He returned to his workplace during an investigation into the tragic incident that led to the death of 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., who had stepped onto the track during a race to confront Stewart.
The authorities announced on Friday that investigations into the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
No decision has yet been made as to whether Stewart should face an indictment.
The three-time champion was received with great applause when he was introduced before the race.
After a start at 12th position, Stewart was in the first 10 positions shortly afterwards and temporarily placed fourth.
After a restart in round 122, Buschs
Car No. 18 out of control after exiting from curve 2 and collided with Stewart, both cars driving against the wall.
Stewart continued, but dropped to 21st place.
Dance-loving young people are being sought
Just try it out: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and Head Lisa Neitzel (from left) are looking forward to joining in.
Like many other clubs, the jazz groups in TV Jahn create all-day classes at the secondary schools.
After the summer holidays, some groups have dezimed strongly.
Now more and more young people are looking for a sport that is healthy and fun.
In the two jazz and modern dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, formerly dancer in the jazz and modern dance formation "Spirits", there are only nine children.
"Three in the group of eight to twelve years old, six in the group of twelve to fifteen years old," the 20-year-old says.
With more active people, the whole thing would be much more fun, "you could dance completely different choreographies," she says.
If you are interested in dancing, on Thursdays between 17 and 18 o'clock or on Fridays between 17 and 18.30 o'clock in the dance gym at the former Hotel Meyer, Freistraße 9, you can jump into the training session without obligation.
"The training starts with a regular warm-up program," says the trainer.
Thereafter, various choreographies are performed.
JazzDance has the characteristic that there is no fixed form and is therefore open to many styles.
Elements from folklore to classics to sport and acrobatics are processed in jazz dance.
Of course, fellowship does not go too far.
"We also go to eat, watch dance movies and we've already spent the night in the dance room," Lisa Neitzel reports.
In the group you can make friends, share a beautiful hobby and still do a lot for your own motor development.
If you don't like jazz dance, you can jump into one of the other offers of TV Jahn.
Children and young people can always take part in the lessons on Wednesdays in the areas of children's dance/jazz dance, Bambini ballet, video clip dancing and hip hop.
The dance coach is Francisco Afonso.
Adult couples are welcome to the dance evenings on Monday and Wednesday.
If you are interested in Discofox, Langsamen Walzer, Wiener Walzer, Rumba, Cha-Cha-Cha and Tango, please come and join us.
Bulgarian prison guards protest nationwide
Hundreds of prison workers from all over Bulgaria organised a nationwide protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration, they reiterated their demands for the restoration of their old working conditions, which have recently been changed.
Higher salaries are also on a demand list to be discussed with the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Officials have been symbolically protesting the new working hours for a month and demanding a return to the previous 24-hour shifts.
Despite meetings between the prison workers' union and representatives of the Ministry of Justice, no agreement was reached, the National Bulgarian Ratio (BNR) reported.
The negotiations are ongoing, the Director General for the Implementation of Criminal Measures, Rosen Zhelyazkov, told BNR.
The prison workers' protest is expected to be supported by members of the union Association of Interior Ministry Employees.
Ukrainian Army has given up airport of Luhansk
In Eastern Ukraine, the pro-Russian fighters continue to advance.
After heavy fighting, in which Russian tank battalions were allegedly involved, the Ukrainian army today, Monday, abandoned the airport of the rebel stronghold Luhansk.
At the same time, the army reported that seven soldiers had been killed in the past 24 hours.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had already drawn personal consequences from the severe defeat of his army in the fight against the separatists and announced changes in the top military leadership, without giving details.
Pro-Russian separatists shot down plane
In the fight against Ukrainian government troops, pro-Russian separatists reportedly shot down another aircraft and two military helicopters.
Around 100 soldiers were also injured or killed in fighting in the Donetsk region, the insurgents said Monday, according to Russian agencies.
Coast Guard ships sinking
The insurgents also claimed to have sank two boats of the Ukrainian Coast Guard for the first time in the Assow Sea.
The Ukrainian border guard confirmed that two of his ships were shot down near the port city of Mariupol on Sunday.
Seven border guards were injured, a spokesman in Kiev told 112.ua.
Two crew members were found missing.
Local media blamed Russia for the incident.
The separatists also reported that they had brought several villages in the Donetsk area under their control.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
The Ukraine Contact Group meets today in the Belarusian capital Minsk.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE, an envoy of the separatists from Eastern Ukraine should participate.
In advance, all actors used their appearances to publicly announce their claim.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will not break its agreement with Russia due to the planned deployments in Eastern Europe as a result of the Ukraine crisis.
NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday that NATO adheres to the 1997 NATO-Russia Council founding agreement.
The NATO chief, however, accused Russia of "a gross breach" of the agreement.
"Today, we have to face the reality that Russia does not see NATO as a partner," Rasmussen said.
Documents and statements from the Russian side indicate that "they regard us as opponents".
Strengthened NATO presence
Rasmussen has also announced that he wants to strengthen NATO's presence in Eastern Europe.
A "Readiness Action Plan" to be adopted at the NATO summit in Wales will ensure that "we will have a more visible NATO presence in the East as long as necessary," Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday.
Kiev and Moscow agree on new gas talks
Russia and Ukraine have officially agreed to resume talks to resolve their gas dispute.
Negotiations are scheduled for next Saturday, Russian Energy Minister Alexander Nowak said on Monday.
It is still awaiting a decision by the European Union whether to send a representative to the talks.
Due to the dispute over the gas price, Ukraine has not been receiving any fuel from Russia for weeks.
Lastly, EU Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger mediated between the two sides.
Ukraine had warned that Russia could also disrupt gas supplies to Europe.
Europe receives about a third of its natural gas from Russian sources, a large part of which flows through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks powerfully: toll will come "almost clear"
Now, the Chancellor is clear about this once again.
But it is not a free letter for all complicated details.
The CSU has become increasingly overwhelmed by stubborn concerns from the CDU about the car toll.
Federal Chancellor Angela Merkel has spoken out in favour of the introduction of a car toll following persistent opposition from her CDU.
"To be clear: it is in the coalition agreement and it will come," the party leader said on Monday after meetings of the CDU headquarters in Berlin.
However, Merkel did not agree on a detailed model for the time being.
In the black and red government programme, "certain parameters" are called.
Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) "has made a proposal and is now working on it".
The NRW-CDU, however, insists on its no to a toll on all roads.
Merkel stressed that Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) is also participating constructively in the consultations on a draft law.
In addition to the topic, he also talked to Dobrindt about other ways to activate more private capital for investments in infrastructure, for example in broadband construction.
"There's nothing special about it." Schäuble had left an "star" report uncommented on Sunday, his house tested its own concept to compensate highway investors with toll revenues - after the 2017 election.
CSU chief Horst Seehofer warned against developing fee concepts in the cabinet against the leading minister.
CDU-Bundesvize Armin Laschet confirmed his objections.
"The coalition agreement never assumed that all district and federal roads would be paved," said the CDU chairman of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Seehofer has now announced to talk about the subject again.
Resistance to the plans also comes from the CDU-Landesverbänden Baden-Württemberg and Rheinland-Pfalz.
The background is fears that a duty will affect small border traffic to neighbouring countries.
Seehofer had demanded coalition strife from sections of the CDU over the toll criticism.
The Left sees the plans as a failure in the face of the conflict in the Union.
"The Murks Maut is dead," party leader Bernd Riexinger told the "New Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
"The minister fails with the toll." Dobrindt wants to introduce a vignette on all German roads, which is due to start in 2016.
However, according to the coalition agreement, domestic car owners may not be additionally charged.
Therefore, they should receive full compensation for the toll through the car tax.
However, according to EU law, the model must not disadvantage foreign drivers because of their nationality.
Genetic disorder often misdiagnosed
A British woman says she thought she would die as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years.
Karin Rodgers lived almost all her youth in the belief that she had only a few years to live after being diagnosed with another disease.
She actually suffered from Charcot Marie Tooth Disease (CMT) - a group of incurred disorders that damage the nerves outside the brain and spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK shared that misdiagnosis is a common problem in people with CMT because so little is known about the disease.
Approximately 23,000 people in the UK are likely to suffer from CMT, which can lead to motor disorders such as muscle weakness, an insecure gait and crippled toes.
People with the disease also suffer from dizziness or pain. The disease is incurable and progressive, which means that symptoms become worse over time.
When Rodgers was 13, she believed she was suffering from Friedreich-Ataxie (FA) - a disease with very poor chances of survival.
Rodgers thought she would sit in a wheelchair before she was 18 and die before her 30th birthday.
The mother of two children, who is now 51 years old, said, "As a child, I knew I couldn't do the same as the others.
I fell down constantly and everything lasted longer with me.
I could never ride a wheelchair or skateboard with the other children and was often handcuffed at school because of my way of walking and walking.
Rodgers said that at the age of 13, after several operations to relieve her Achilles tendons and stretch her feet, she reviewed her medical records when her doctor left the room and read that she was suffering from FA.
"I felt guilty because I was curious, so I didn't tell anyone, but I went home, looked for the disease in the library and wrote to the FA Society," she said.
When I received the answer, I was shocked and panicked.
I thought I would be in a wheelchair at 18 and die at 25, and slowly lose all my skills in the meantime.
I did all this on my own and planned my own funeral.
She said that when she was 17, she realized that her abilities had not declined as much as she had imagined and asked her doctor.
He simply stood up, embraced me and said, "My love, I don't think you have that, otherwise you'd be in the wheelchair already."
I think you have something far less life-threatening.
After some genetic tests, CMT was found in her.
"When he told me what CMT was, I felt like I was a winner," she said.
Charity CMT UK has launched a CMT Awareness Month to raise awareness of this disease.
Stabsfeldwebel a. D. Berni Diether has been working as a firefighter since the closure of the former military training ground
For nearly ten years, the former military training ground in Münsingen is no longer shot.
Nevertheless, still every month lethal ammunition appears in the heart of the biosphere area Schwäbische Alb.
The grenades are sometimes so dangerous that they have to be demolished on the spot.
A thunderous sound wafts over the heart of the biosphere.
In December 2004, the last sharp shot fell on the military training ground Münsingen, which was closed at the end of 2005 after 110 years of military operations.
Since then, the 6,500-hectare area has been the core of the Biosphere area Schwäbische Alb, which is open to hikers and cyclists on 13 marked paths.
Tax burden on businessmen in Washington rises with economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local tax returns for companies in the country increased slightly last year, while economic recovery accelerated, according to a new study published last week, and Washington-area companies were no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia regions together paid $27.6 billion to state and local authorities in fiscal 2013, an increase of 3.8 percent over 2012 revenues of $26.6 billion.
The corporate state and local tax burden increased by 4.3 percent last year to $671 billion, compared to 3.9 percent the previous year, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after several years of declining revenues in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes increased more than local taxes by 4.3 percent, according to a study conducted by Ernst & Young Services Agency and the Centre for State Taxation, a tax policy group.
More than half of the district's tax revenues, 56 percent, come from corporate taxes, while 36 percent of Maryland's revenues come from companies.
Virginia has the lowest corporate tax revenues of 28 percent.
Much of the increase in tax revenues is due to a recovery in corporate property values, the researchers say, which led to a real estate tax increase of 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years with growth rates of less than 1 percent.
While a large portion of these gains came from large states such as California, New York, and Texas, the sequence also seems to apply to the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia jointly paid more than $10 billion in state and local property taxes last year, compared to $9.6 billion in 2012 - an increase of 4.2 percent over the course of the year.
But the apparent recovery in property values in Maryland is not so effective in raising state and local tax revenues, as property taxes here amount to just over a fifth of corporate tax returns.
Companies in Virginia and D.C. pay almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of property taxes.
"What's happening in Maryland is that a lot of real estate, especially in the D.C. tax area, is either owned by the government or by non-profit organizations that don't pay real estate taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, Managing Director of the Center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced, for example, to rely much more on income taxes to provide the same services that other states offer.
The recent recovery in corporate tax revenues cannot be attributed solely to the recovery of the real estate market
Company revenues also seem to be recovering, according to the data.
Companies in the region reported income taxes at state organizations of $2.3 billion, compared to $2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland introduced $1 billion in corporate income taxes, the highest in the region.
While the trend is in the same direction, the local tax burden on businesses does not increase evenly in all three locations.
The growth rate in the district was 4.3 percent of the national average, while the growth rate in Maryland was significantly higher, 4.9 percent.
Virginia alone reported an under-average tax revenue of 4.1 percent.
Virginia has the lowest corporate income taxes in all three departments at 6% (all three have fixed corporate tax rates).
The corporate tax rate in Maryland is 8.25 percent and in the District is relatively high at 9.975 percent.
A comparable study by the US Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that Virginia has lower state and local corporate taxes and a better tax climate overall than Maryland.
The district was not investigated in the study.
Despite the advantages, Virginia is under pressure from its southern neighbors.
North Carolina has passed laws to lower its corporate tax rates this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same rate as Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent next year.
If the state continues to meet its income targets next year, this law could reduce the state’s corporate income tax rate to 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, small businesses in the Washington area seem to be doing better and are therefore paying more state and local taxes, according to the latest study.
Corporate taxes paid as personal income taxes by small businesses – a transitional structure under which most small businesses are organized – in the District, Maryland, and Virginia increased by 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, a significantly faster rate of growth than corporate taxes as a whole.
The researchers say that the trend and increase in corporate taxes across the country will likely continue this year, with an increase in general military tax revenues for the state and local governments by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period last year.
Nevertheless, Washington could backtrack if the federal government’s spending cuts affect the region’s labour market.
Partner city: German beer for Guangzhou
Hop and malt - also a popular combination in China.
German beer enjoys an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt's partner city in China now wants a brewery and also hopes for a direct flight between the two cities.
German beer brewed in Frankfurt's partner city Guangzhou - this is the urgent desire of officials in China.
"We would be delighted if a German brewery would settle in our city," said Li Yiwei, vice party secretary of the southern Chinese metropolis, during a visit to a SPD delegation in his city this week.
The official of the ruling Chinese Communist Party repeatedly came back to this issue of the twelve-million metropolis during the discussion.
Guangzhou, also called Canton in Germany, is one of the richest cities in China, Li warned.
Therefore, people also had the purchasing power to afford German beer.
The chairman of the Hessian SPD, Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel, who led the German political delegation, told the host that he would look for a possible partner for the project in Germany.
"Beer doesn't need much: good water, grain and joy of life," he added at lunch with the party leader in Guangzhou.
This joy of life already radiates from Mr. Li, he tasted to the host.
Afterwards, the official from Guangzhou arrived with shepherd's staff - but with red wine, which was served for the meal.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to German brewing art.
Tsingtao beer is brewed according to the German law of purity.
More business traffic
A second wish of the Chinese hosts would be a direct flight between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said Vice-Chairman Li.
Lufthansa had previously offered the flight, but cancelled it in 2012 for economic reasons.
"It would be worth it again," the local politician was convinced.
"Business traffic between our two cities is increasing."
Currently, travellers would have to take the route via Changsha in Hunan Province, Li complained.
The administration of the province of Guangdong, whose capital is Guangzhou, also hopes for the flight connection.
The vice-governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, highlighted this wish in his talks with the Social Democrats.
"This is a very good idea," replied Schäfer-Gümbel - the Chinese Deputy Minister Li Jinjun, an intimate acquaintance of Germany, nodded approvingly.
Managed Partnership
The faithful Guangzhou vice-president hopes to be able to attend a partnership meeting in Frankfurt next year.
Li Yiwei was already on the Main, but not yet in this role.
He only took office this year after his predecessor had been expelled from the office on corruption charges.
The local party leader Wan Qinglian also had to leave.
The action against Guangzhou officials is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in the party and administration, which is being vigorously pursued by head of state Xi Jinping.
The new top politician, Li Yiwei, had worked for an American company before his party career, which is highly unusual in the Chinese Communist Party.
Before taking office in Guangzhou, he worked as a senior official in Fujian, where the automaker VW built a large factory.
Frankfurt has officially entered into more than a dozen city partnerships.
The connection to Guangzhou, 9,000 kilometres away, belongs to those maintained by both sides, for example with a student exchange.
Last year, the 25th anniversary of the German-Chinese connection was celebrated.
With its economic power, the southern Chinese metropolis on the Pearl River is almost as strong as all of Hesse.
Next year, it wants to achieve a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, Li reported.
Family of Joan Rivers "presses the thumbs"
Joan Rivers has been unconscious since being admitted to a hospital in New York City three days ago, but her daughter showed hope today that the 81-year-old comedian will recover from her illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers said in a statement today.
We all press our thumbs.
Her mother was reportedly admitted to Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after an emergency cardiac arrest at a clinic on the Upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy.
The doctors keep them deliberately seated and under close observation until they are more satisfied with their condition, which is still described as "early".
The reactions came from many sides, including overwhelming online support from Donald Trump, Montel Williams, and Kelly Ripa.
Environmentally friendly vacuum cleaners and rising wages
More stringent environmental standards will apply in the future to cars and vacuum cleaners coming into the market from today onwards.
Similar to refrigerators and washing machines, new vacuum cleaners from September 1st will receive a label on which the buyer can at a glance identify central data such as the energy efficiency of the device.
For new cars, stricter nitrogen oxide values apply in the "Euro 6" class of pollutants.
In addition, there is more money for the scaffolding builders: they receive a nationally uniform minimum wage of 10.25 euros.
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
AMAZON just confirmed what information had reported on Monday morning: The online retailer - and video producer, and a variety of other things - buys the video streaming service Twitch for $1.04 billion (970 million US dollars).
The announcement comes as a surprise, not because no one had expected a takeover of Twitch, but because it was widely assumed that YouTube would acquire the company.
Three months ago it looked like the sale of Twitch to Google's video service for a cool billion was a decided thing, and the collaboration also appeared natural.
Twitch, founded only three years ago as Justin.tv, was launched as a general streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead, it quickly became a platform for players who wanted to publish their bravery pieces in games, a "YouTube for live games", according to an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And "let's play", a video game in which better-informed people give the (mostly older) games a touch of science fiction theater, are already very popular on YouTube.
It is true that YouTube is often referred to when you want to describe Twitch, so the news that YouTube wanted to buy Twitch was somewhat boredly recorded, a textbook example of an established tech company buying up a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube did not come about, as the company reportedly was willing to pay as much as Amazon.
All we know about it at the moment is this statement by Emmet Shear, President of Twitch: "We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term visions, and they want to help us get there faster."
Another secret is, to be honest, the incredible success of Twitch.
For snobs like me who explain that they prefer to do sports than watch, it's hard to understand the attraction that comes from watching others play instead of taking control consoles into their own hands.
It's one thing to look over a friend's shoulder at 3 a.m. while she's walking through Resident Evil, and it's quite another to watch a spider be shot in the head 20 times in a row in Call of Duty.
All these games you could watch right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are ego games, so watching without own control of the viewing perspective can be a really good recipe for headaches.
I admit that the fast runs in which the Roger Bannisters of our electronic age complete games in record time are entertaining.
But as long as a game or humor virtuoso isn't involved, his Twitch channel is probably not that interesting.
But what do skeptics like me already know about it?
Twitch is visited by 55 million different visitors per month and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic spikes.
And how exactly does Amazon want to make money from it?
It’s hard to imagine Twitch integrating into Amazon Instant Video as elegantly as YouTube’s Twitch could have easily swallowed.
But Twitch has something that every company would like: thousands of young men being recruited as advertising customers.
As the chairman of Twitch, Shear, said, Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming," and the medium shows no signs of shrinking, not even - swallow - as a spectator sport.
There was a lot going on on the hillside at the Burggartenfest on Sunday evening.
The concept of the organizers was right.
Despite the strong rainfall on Saturday evening, an estimated 1200 music fans came to the open-air festival in the Burggarten.
At times, the entry had to be stopped.
"That was annoying," said Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Saltwedel l Light and fun.
Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem formed the name Amula from two Spanish words.
Because the open air in the Salzwedeler Burggarten is to shine brightness in the day and in the evening through various shows.
Well, the fun comes by itself anyway.
This was already evident on the early Saturday evening when the first visitors turned up for the open air.
The organizers had promised a feast for all generations.
And they succeeded.
Around the supply stands on the Burggartenwiese Salzwedeler, but also guests from the nearby and further surroundings had made themselves comfortable.
They followed the first live performances, wiped with their feet in the clock, enjoyed cool drinks - in short: pure relaxation and enjoyment were popular.
And that across generations.
While some flocked on rooftops on the extra-carved white sand at the beach bar, others tasted a quarter of the wine in the wine shop, the younger generation grew up on the hillside, which was a great attraction for the smaller guests.
But even in childhood make-up, the volunteers had to do all their hands in the true sense of the word to become masters of the urge and to enchant imaginative creations into the little faces.
The bigger ones used the kicker tables or participated in a skateboard workshop organized by the Goodfoot-Crew made of salt wool.
Until the great rain came.
Shortly before 5.30 p.m. he threw himself down at the visitors, especially families looking for the width and dryness.
But the attractiveness of the festival did not break this.
"There were more people than expected," said Ron Sem, who spoke of a "success on the whole line."
Therefore, there is nothing against a repeat of the great party in the coming year.
Although work still needs to be done on the content and size of the event, Sem made it clear in a first balance sheet on Sunday against the popular vote.
In the meantime, he was annoyed that the entrance had to be stopped.
Obviously, the security company had been booked with too few forces.
The consequence: Some who had already paid did not come to the site anymore.
The response was very good.
In a first cautious estimate, the Salzwedeler co-organizer spoke of about 1200 visitors gathered in the castle garden.
There were problems with the sound technology.
The Salzwedeler Hip-Hop-Band Blocks`n`Rox broke their appearance defiantly.
The technicians were not able to create a half-reasonable sound.
The planned Shisha-Lounges could not be built because the tents could not be brought to Saltwedel because of a tire pan.
"But next year they will be there," says the organizer.
The premiere of the Amula Open-Air was more than successful by the number of visitors.
And that in bad weather.
However, the organizers have made some mistakes, which will be delayed for the first time, but have to be eliminated in the second edition.
Even on the social network Facebook, the organizers have to put in criticism.
"Sorry, but for twelve euros you just expected more," says Melanie Meier on the event page.
"Unfortunately, you have taken over a little bit," says Ele Zimmermann at the same time.
Others see the initial problems not so closely.
I find it very good that some people not only quarrel stupidly, but also really try to put something on their feet.
Shut up!", writes Stephanie Jenß for Amula.
Now the organisers have one year to stop these criticisms.
New Radom in Berkum: Wachtberg's landmark shrinks
This is not as expected.
Rather, the ready component is waiting to be used in the striking building.
The action is in the context of a larger measure: Almost 50 years after the creation of the TIRA space observation radar, the hull, the so-called Radom, is completely renewed.
The new Radom with a diameter of 47.5 meters will be slightly smaller than the old one.
The size, however, remains a world record.
The last step to complete the new shell is the cap replacement
The upper quarter of the old shell is separated and removed with a crane.
Afterwards, the last quarter of the new shell is placed.
If the weather plays a part, the action is scheduled to take place at the beginning of this week.
Participant in the Ice-Bucket Challenge bends Kiefer
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain cried so much when her icy water was poured over her head that she injured the bone structure of her face.
This Ice Bucket Challenge went painfully next to it.
A woman was admitted to the hospital after shouting so loudly at the Ice-Bucket Challenge that she cut off her jaw.
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain circled so much as her icy water was poured over her head that she injured the structure of her face.
"The water was so cold that I screamed, and while I did, my jaw just stayed standing," she said to The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but it didn't work, the jaw was hooked, and then I realized that something was wrong.
My mother and my sister saw this too, and they almost got into their pants in laughter, but I had to go to the emergency room.
The 20-year-old from Great Britain was rushed to the hospital to regain her fingertip after participating in the viral trend on Tuesday.
The clip was linked to an Internet sensation and thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Will the castle societies soon be back on track?
Finally, there was always a clash between the two Wolfratshaus Burgvereins.
The boards are now considering possible cooperation.
The deceased Richard Dimbath, former chairman of the Wolfratshauser Burgfreunde, led the project in Guédelon, France as a model for the reconstruction of the Wolfratshauser Castle.
A year ago, there was no good climate between the castle club and the castle friends Wolfratshausen.
Until now, the views on how to deal with the history of Wolfratshaus Castle and a possible reconstruction seemed to be very different.
Now the two camps are moving towards each other: talks on a common approach are to be held soon.
This is confirmed by the club chairmen Torsten Sjöberg (Burgverein) and Herbert Piffl (Burgfreunde) on request of our newspaper.
"I called Mr. Piffl and suggested that we could come together once," reports Sjöberg.
In his opinion, all members of both clubs could rejoin the club in the future.
Thus, quicker visible successes are to be recorded.
While the castle friends around the suddenly deceased Richard Dimbath had until last an eye on a reconstruction of the castle on the mountain forest, the castle association around Sjöberg stands for the "exploration and experience" of the site at the forefront.
Herbert Piffl, the second chairman of the Burgfreunde, said he was very happy about the call.
Since Dimbath's death, he has represented the castle's friends.
A new chairman is to be found in mid-September at a meeting of members.
According to the 74-year-old, the association currently has around 40 members.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath, we first let the association activities rest out of respect." This "thinking phase" was necessary to "consider how it could go on".
According to Piffl, the new chairman will then go into talks with the castle club.
Until then, the castle friends could also make a current mood picture within their group.
There is not yet a candidate for the presidency, Piffl says.
"But I am confident that someone will be found." He himself does not want to run because he lives in Bad Tölz.
The new chairman should be a Wolfratshauser.
The Tölzer wants to work on the project "but very much likes to continue to work".
In Piffl's eyes, the different positions on reconstruction will probably remain in place in the near future.
He credits Dimbath as a "missionary" who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already far-reaching projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not an airlock.
Due to the high participation of the population as well as by volunteers from all over the world, they are a tourist magnet.
Piffl: "I was also sceptical at the beginning.
But over time, I have become more and more convinced that it makes sense to push the project forward." It could be created a "uniform feature" for the Flößerstadt.
There is nothing else here.
In addition, Piffl believes the project could be financed by EU grants, visitor tickets and potential sponsors.
"I personally do not want to simply throw the idea of reconstruction overboard." He hopes that the Burgverein may be moving a little at this point.
Their goal of documenting history first is "important and good".
Afterwards, we could look further.
Clever ways to save on university textbooks
Since the cost of university textbooks for many students is more than $1,000 per year, the fast-secondary student Matt Schroeder came up with a clever saving idea.
He invented a leasing system for books by students of higher semesters and offered a nominal compensation to delay the re-sale.
"My math book normally costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a Chick-fil-A-Keks," said Schroeder, 19, who attends Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester would have cost him $430, he said.
He gave out $120.
The college management shared that students spend on average more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and study materials, but that there are different cost-saving options for students.
Online courses and creative approaches such as the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of choice for students.
The rental of textbooks is becoming more popular, so students can use a book for a semester, often at a significantly lower price than when they buy it.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 university bookstores, reported that the rental of textbooks has doubled since 2011.
Surveys in the industry show that about a quarter of the books in college bookstores were rented last spring, said Neebos Vice President Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all textbooks are purchased in campus bookstores, according to the National Association of College Stores.
Here is the one-off for the best deals.
Buy online
Some new books online only cost a third of the price for which they are available in the campus bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" vno Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs nearly $290, but can be purchased at the specialized textbook retailer Chegg.com for $239.99.
Used buy
If the notes of others or normal traces of use do not matter to you, used books are a good option.
"Calculus" is used to have on Chegg.com for $93.49.
Matt Casaday, 25, a graduate student at Brigham Young University, says he spent 42 cents on Amazon.com for a used edition of "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business."
The book was sold for $48.
Academics such as Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without Walls, recommended that students ask their professors if earlier expenses are allowed.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant for the seminar work.
In such cases, older issues can often be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest issue.
Aside from Chegg and Amazon, eBay Inc's Half.com is a popular alternative for used books.
Renting
Renting textbooks is worth considering if you treat them fairly well, remember to give them back, and do not want to keep the books after completing the course.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a newly purchased book.
For example, a student could rent "Calculus" for the duration of a semester for about $20.
Please check the terms and conditions of the shop where you rent, as well as the penalties that may apply for writing notes, subtractions or traces of use.
Tenants careful: If you do not return the book, penalties may even exceed the price of a new book.
E-books
E-books instead of conventional textbooks are also an option.
Sometimes these books are de facto rented by providing an electronic license for a certain period of time by wholesalers such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
At Chegg you can rent "Calculus" for 6 months for about 61 $.
Bracey says students in literature courses often find the best offers, as many classics can be downloaded for free nowadays, while scientific and engineering textbooks can be very expensive.
Look around anyway.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon attend Pepperdine Law School, recommends the ISBN number for book pricing, so you can be sure to find the right textbook.
And before you order online, Gault said, you should check if the book is actually in stock.
This lesson he learned on the hard tour.
He bought a book that had four weeks' delivery time and finally paid the full price at the college bookstore.
Why "Guardians of the Galaxy" became no cashier
Sylvester Stallone's "The Expendables 3" played less than 30 million dollars of its $90 million budget in the United States, while "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For" played only 12 million dollars of its $70 million budget.
Cameron Diaz's film "Sex Tape" grossed only $14.6 million at the opening weekend, while children's films such as "Drachenzähmen leicht gemacht 2" also disappointed.
An article by Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin suggests that in children's films the lack of quality of the films themselves could be the reason.
Collin described 2014 as "the worst year" ever for children's films and described "Drachenzähmen leicht gemacht 2" as a purely "functional" fantasy sequel.
For films for a slightly older audience, however, it seems that the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore and Metacritic ratings for each summer film premiere shown on at least 2,000 screens between American Memorial Day and July 20, 2013 and the current year.
The results are based on the opinion of cinema visitors and film critics and indicate that this year's film hits are the same as last year's.
Some commentators believe that the development is due to changing visual habits and the growing popularity of web streaming services such as Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently working on Disney's forthcoming jungle book film, told Hollywood Reporter: "I believe times are changing."
We must accept that and not try to follow the past.
In contrast to the currently weak cash results of Hollywood productions, Netflix recently generated revenues of $1.2 billion in streaming content, almost twice as much as last year, when revenue was $837 million.
Last summer, director Steven Spielberg criticized the film studios for focusing too much on comics and predicting a Hollywood "cold melt".
In light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that his gloomy prophecy could contain a true core.
Due to the potential box office hits expected in summer 2015, including Avengers: Age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic:
X-Men producer Simon Kinberg recently described the decline in box office results as simply "cyclical" and told Hollywood reporters: "Next summer will be the biggest summer at the box office ever, and nobody will worry about the business anymore."
When the 2nd table tennis district class was abolished a few years ago in order to tighten the league division, this has been a step in the right direction.
Now the Deutsche Tischtennisbund has added an additional 3rd Bundesliga to the programme.
The consequence: Those who have not ascended are descended.
Although Göttingen's top-class Torpedo team has avoided relegation in the Oberliga-Relegation, it will only play fifth-class next season.
Torpedo's women remain in fourth place, despite their magnificent breakthrough in the regional league.
The boys and girls of Torpedo start in the Lower Saxony League, as well as the boys of SC Weende.
The SG Lenglern and the Torpedo-Reserve join the new league, but no more Göttingen clubs are represented in the national league.
TTV Geismar plays in the women's league, the Torpedo-Zweite in the national league.
What looks from the composition like a better district class, is now the new district super league South.
This is where TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, Torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, FC Weser and TTC play.
In the district league, Dransfeld and SC Weende play as regional representatives, in the district class of the TTC II, Rot-Weiß, the Bovender SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III. The women's district league begins at least in full strength.
Güntersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II are here with from the party.
Torpedo III and Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen start in the district league.
With nine teams each
The SC Weende sends its girls to the small district league.
Also the district league squad of SCW boys - there Torpedo II still starts - is not complete.
In a district class, Geismar, Tuspo Weende and Bovender SV enter the season.
In the first season of the newly founded regional association, the two Göttinger Kreisligen start with nine teams each.
In the West-Staffel are the Rot-Weiß II, Bovender SV III, Laubach II, Torpedo IV and V, MTV Grone, Dransfelder SC II, Mielenhausen and SG Lenglern II.
In the Eastern-Staffel play among others Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen, Nikolausberg and Landolfshausen.
The women's league consists of Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and SG Rhume.
This is still better than in the district of Osterode, where there are no more women's teams at the district level.
It is remarkable that none of the six 2nd class units reaches full strength, and the innovative and forward-looking circle management will have to think about this.
NATO Summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
On the weekend there were protests by opponents of the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport for an anti-Nato march.
On Sunday, about 150 people gathered in Cardiff in front of the city hall to hold a so-called counter-summit.
Stephen Fairclough followed developments on the weekend for us and spoke to demonstrators who travelled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenagers flew out of the Blue Mountains
TWO teenage bus scouts were saved by rope after being caught overnight in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
The 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man broke up shortly after Sunday morning in Govetts Leap in Blackheath for their tour.
Concerned relatives called the police around 8:00 p.m. when the two had not returned home.
A search team from local police and rescue services broke up and the couple were found around 23 o'clock near the Bridal Veil waterfalls.
The girl had been injured on her knee and the man was crushed and had hit his head.
Rescuers stayed with the couple overnight, and they were flown out on Monday morning.
They were delivered to Blue Mountains Hospital in a stable condition with an ambulance.
Anti-government protests escalate in Pakistan
About 1,000 demonstrators had been pushed by soldiers from the PTV building, said Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid.
The station resumed broadcasting after nearly half an hour.
PTV Director Athar Farooq said that the demonstrators armed with sticks had damaged equipment in the editorial office.
No deaths or injuries were reported.
The demonstrators demand the resignation of the head of government whom they accuse of electoral fraud.
Police reported that clashes between some 3,000 demonstrators and security forces had resumed Monday, about a kilometre from Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's residence.
According to hospital reports, a policeman was injured.
On the weekend, at least three people were killed and more than 500 injured as demonstrators tried to penetrate Sharif's residence.
They demand the resignation of the Prime Minister.
The powerful military had called for a political solution to the conflict on Sunday evening after a meeting at Army Headquarters, "without wasting time and without violence".
The statement further stated: "The army remains committed to its role in ensuring the security of the state".
The escalating violence has raised concerns about military intervention, which has been more frequent in the past.
The protests, led by opposition politician Imran Khan and preacher Tahirul Kadri, have been going on since Independence Day, August 14.
Sharif refuses to resign.
Khan and Kadri had called on their followers on Sunday to persevere.
"We will not go back without forcing Sharif to resign," Khan said.
Hadi expressed a similar opinion.
Khan accuses Sharif of fraudulently winning the parliamentary elections in May last year.
Hadi calls for the withdrawal of the central and provincial governments.
Then a transitional government is to reform the electoral system and call new elections.
More than 40,000 security forces are deployed to protect the government district.
The demonstrators had initially stood peacefully in front of the parliament until Khan and Kadri forced them to enter Sharif's residence on the weekend.
He finished third in the league after winning the second season.
With the 2:0 over Grödig, Rapid's bitter week on Sunday came to a peaceful end.
"The victory is very liberating," said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team reached an intermediate depth with the exit in the European League on Thursday.
"The success experience was incredibly important," confirmed Captain and goalkeeper Steffen Hofmann, who finished third with green and white.
Schrammel-Traumtor brings Rapid on the winner's road Rapid has shown with the second season's victory the right response to the disappointment against Helsinki and goes with a success experience into the Länderspiel-Pause.
"We wanted to show a positive reaction," said defenceman Thomas Schrammel, who took the lead in the 14th minute with his magnificent team of sixteen-footers.
"I thought I'd take all the fruit from Thursday and put it under the lettuce," said the 26-year-old smilingly.
When Schrammel had played in a Bundesliga match on 13 November 2010 for the last time, it was still for Ried.
The first championship victory in Rapid-Dress will therefore remain in his special memory.
"For me, this is something very special, I'm from the Rapid-Nachwuchs," Schrammel said.
Due to Mario Pavelic's short-term basin blessing, Schrammel moved from the left to the right defensive side and did his job very well there too.
He has enough experience that he can also perform this position mirrored.
He deserved the goal, he has already played some assists this year," Barisic praised.
Team Shows Character Schrammel also delivered the flank to 2-0 by Hofmann after a good hour, which finally brought the decision.
Even the guests could have written before.
"Thank God we've had some luck today," Schrammel also noted, referring to the discrepancy between performance and results in recent weeks: "The results didn't match, but the player side was always good compared to last year."
Barisic even found that "in many games before it was better than today" - against "the strongest team that played in this season in this stadium".
The first three points since 26 July have therefore proved that the team structure is intact despite the setbacks: "Today my team has shown that it has character".
Not less pleasurable for him: "That we finally played to zero again".
Much work during the Länderspielpause The fact that Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni Alar and Michael Schimpelsberger are to be blamed for several failures, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp Schobesberger made their debuts makes the victory even more valuable.
"One must not forget that," Barisic warned, who lost players with Behrendt and Pavelic over the past three days, "which have been very stable lately".
Therefore, the countryside break must be used to "leak the desires and increase a bit in the physical area," Barisic, who has five U21 candidates in his ranks, explained.
Captain Hofmann is one of those who will be particularly pleased with the break.
He breaks down for the team, goes over pains.
Especially in this difficult phase, he has shown that he is a very important player for us," Barisic said.
Hofmann not only gave the game Rapids before his substitution in the 68th minute not only the structure, but also scored the second goal.
For the 33-year-old, who finished his 350th Bundesliga game, it was the first goal from the game since 2 November 2013 (4:2 over the Admira).
Hofmann: "Do not believe that everything is fine now" "We certainly had a bit of luck, but eventually the luck must come back to us too.
It was high time now," Hofmann said.
He warned of concentrated work: "One must not always see it in black and white.
We have not played as badly in the last few weeks as it has been shown.
But we must also not believe that everything is fine now.
He could not dispute the importance of his role for the team.
It's a very young team, which I can help very much at the moment.
They stick to me at certain stages," Hofmann said.
Great coach Michael Baur had little to blame himself and his team.
He regretted the fast counter hit "from the category Magic Gate", as well as the regular goal of Nutz in the 40th minute, which had been wrongly denied by referee Kollegger.
The only accusation I can make to the team is that we were not concrete enough towards goal in some phases.
There we have had too few conclusions.
Internal defender Maximilian Karner saw it similarly: "It started badly, but then we found it clean and even made a goal.
Overall, there would have been more in it.
Under this apple reigns peace
We showed a powerful tribe at our race show of the summer series "My piece of the Rhöner Glück" last Friday.
Several of these tree giants are still in the county, the pictured specimen is the "Geißruheiche" above Unterweißenbrunn.
A steep footpath leads up to the 600-year-old oak.
It passes by domes, basalt stone piles and basalt stone meadows.
A bit below the stone quarry of Bauersberg, a kilometre north of the road to Weisbach, is where it stands.
Vital looks like the natural monument, it rises above the other trees of the surrounding area and reminds with a width of more than eight meters of an American mammoth tree.
A small Buddha on a tree trunk indicates that it is a spiritual or mystical place.
However, despite intensive research, there were only indications of the origin of the name.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider has additionally consulted the Bischofsheim archive and interviewed elderly people from Unterweißenbrunn to find out what attachment it has to the Geißruheiche.
The result of his investigations remained the rather dull explanation for the name.
Accordingly, up to about 80 years ago, the goat herds must have driven their animals from Unterweißenbrunn to the tiresomely roasted and stone-free meadows.
At the foot of the tree are said to have rested the animal keepers exhausted from the ascension.
Meanwhile, the area has regained its importance, because on the meadows are actually again grazing goat herds.
Schneider further found out that the area has also been declared the core area of the Biosphere Reserve.
However, you should be careful when entering the stone collections, because the basal, heated by the sun, is also a popular place for crusaders.
A hiking trail leads from Unterweißenbrunn to the tree, which is somewhat hidden.
Further paths are marked upwards in the direction of Hochrhön and invite you to an extensive hike.
Where is the water castle?
However, a water castle, which is being sought in our next task, is rarely found in the height.
The reflection in the tomb already gives a good impression of the building, but we have some historic buildings in the county that could be fitted to the building.
Where is our "Stuck of Rhöner Glück"?
My piece of phoenix happiness
As with previous Main-Post series in recent years, there are again prizes to win if they have the right solution.
Those who like to take photographs themselves can also participate.
Under the e-mail address red.neustadt@mainpost.de you can send us the solution and also your very personal "Stuck of Rhöner Glück" under this keyword.
The most beautiful photos are published.
After weeks of hesitation, Italian Prime Minister and current EU President Matteo Renzi, against strong conservative resistance at the EU special summit last week, approved the nomination of his Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini as head of EU foreign policy, she will succeed British Catherine Ashton.
Renzi considers, as the near-government daily La Repubblica reflects, the appointment of Mogherini, who is also considered a favourite in the government, as a strengthening of the position of the Social Democrats and his own in the EU.
He also expects a boost for his "reform package" in Italy.
Last but not least, Renzi hopes to calm down the party's left-wing base, which has repeatedly opposed him, because Mogherini is allocated to it - albeit in a more moderate manner.
In contrast to the conservative representatives, the prevailing opinion in Rome is that Donald Tusk will be replaced by Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and Poland, which has been nominated as President-in-Office of the Council, in order to achieve a political balance.
The EU&apos;s chief diplomat will also be Vice-President Juncker&apos;s deputy.
The pending consent of the EU Parliament is considered to be secure.
Otherwise, President Giorgio Napolitano would hardly have called the nomination of the 41-year-old politician of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) a "substantial recognition" of Italy's role in the EU.
La Repubblica is optimistic that Mogherini, who has been proven in leading party offices for almost two decades and known for her ambition, will show up for the "normous challenges".
The native Roman woman is married and has two daughters.
Her political career began in 1996 in the youth organization of the then Democratici di Sinistra (Left Democrats), which merged with the Catholic centre party Margherita in 2008 to form the present-day Social Democratic PD.
In 1999, Mogherini became Vice-President of the European Community Organisation of Socialist Youth for three years.
With the election of 2001 to the Party Council of the Left Democrats, she joined the high party politics, worked in the Department of Foreign Policy, whose head she soon became.
It occupied traditional focuses of Italian foreign policy such as the Middle East, was known by studies on NATO's deployment in Afghanistan, in which Italy is involved with a contingent of troops, maintained contacts with the Social Democrats in Europe and with the Democrats in the USA.
Since 2008 she has been a member of the Chamber of Deputies, where she is an expert on defence and European and international affairs.
When Renzi became prime minister in February 2014, he appointed Mogherini as his foreign minister.
If, today, the PD has a better relationship with the strong peace movement in the country, which contributed to the party’s over 40% vote in the May EU elections, Federica Mogherini, as noted in the PD’s statements, has a share of it.
The remarks in Brussels that the new EU foreign minister has too little diplomatic experience, so there is a lack of substance, is constrained in the PD.
In Brussels, especially by Poland and the Baltic Member States, distrustful realistic Mogherini's accents on the crisis in Ukraine are being pursued and shamed as a "Russian-friendly course".
It is in favour of the South Stream pipeline, operated by the Russian company Gasprom, through which Russian natural gas is to be transported directly to southern Europe, surrounded by Ukraine, which also serves Italy's energy security.
After Renzi took office as EU President in July, Mogherini made her first state visit to Moscow.
The photos they showed with Putin shaking hands were taken in Brussels with outrage, as well as inviting the Kremlin chief to a May economic summit in October.
A total of nine young people started their training at emz-Hanauer in Nabburg on Monday.
Among them is an apprentice who has already completed another training in the company.
In the future, the new employees will be employed in four training professions: electronics (three trainees), mechanics (two), tool mechanics (two) and process mechanics (two).
All trainees come from Schwandorf: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, Johannes Beer from Neunburg vorm Wald, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel Sorgenfrei and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd and Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees previously attended primary and secondary schools and secondary schools.
From Wednesday to Friday, the trainees of all grades as well as the trainees go to a team training event to Oberammergau, where, among other things, a full-day hike and rafting on the Inn are on the program.
The company has 435 employees in Germany and 950 worldwide.
The number of trainees distributed across all grades is 27.
The Socialists in France should "keep their mouths shut and put France in order," said Francois Hollande's most important ally.
Mr Valls called on the deeply divided left to show "its love" for the controversial socialist president whose cabinet re-election has met with disapproval by the vast majority of French people.
The President deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It's our duty to stay with him," he said with great applause.
As a reassuring gesture, the prime minister insisted that his government would not call into question the controversial 35-hour week in France, despite fierce demands for a relaxation of the regime by Emmanuel Macron, the new economic minister.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande had urged his fellow Socialists to show "unity" with the government.
But Christiane Taubira, the Minister of Justice, threw sand in the well at a meeting of dissatisfied Socialist MPs and criticised the Socialist Party for taking the French "the faith in their future".
Marine Le Pen, the far-right leader of the National Front, ridiculed the Socialists' constant trench fights and said she could not imagine that the new Valls government would last longer than a few months.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls also has none, they are forced to form a new government, if the old one has not even survived a summer.
"And the new one won't survive the autumn or winter either," said Miss Le Pen to supporters.
She reiterated her party's call for a dissolution of parliament and said she was confident that she would emerge victorious in the early elections and was ready for government.
The ruling French party suffered a defeat in the municipal elections in March and the right-wing National Front was ahead in the EU elections in May.
A survey in the Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche found that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party is in danger of collapsing into several rival factions before Hollande's 2017 term.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at Sciences Po University, warned that the French would quickly lose patience if the new socialist government failed to improve the economy and record unemployment.
"There is a small window of opportunity, but public opinion must quickly feel that things are changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise shortly before a deal with Prestige Cruises of $3 billion
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest cruise carrier in the world, is conducting advanced negotiations for the acquisition of competitor Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion, according to industry experts.
A deal would give Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, access to the luxury cruise ships of Prestige Cruises and its wealthy clientele, while competing with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
An agreement could already be announced this week, sources said Sunday, warning that talks could also end without results.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, the private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns a 20% stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain anonymous as the negotiations were not open.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to requests for comments, while a spokesman for Apollo rejected a comment.
The Miami-based Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenues in 2013 were $2.57 billion, an increase of 13 percent compared to 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the trademarks Oceania and Regent, which together operate eight cruise ships on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It reported revenues for 2013 of $1.2 billion, an increase of 6 percent compared to the previous year.
The cruise industry totals about $29 billion and is expected to grow in the coming years due to the strengthening of the middle class in emerging countries such as China and India.
The companies are trying to position themselves as the best choice for these new customers among the cruise providers.
Prestige Cruises applied to the U.S. regulator in January 2014.
Apollo has been a majority shareholder of the company since a $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was formed in its present form in 2000 by a merger with a cruise provider owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and casino group controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise went public in January 2013.
At the end of June, Genting held 28 percent of the shares, Apollo 20 percent of the shares, and TPG Capital LP, a private equity company, held 8 percent of the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together have more than 82 percent of the passenger capacity of American cruise ships according to the original application documents for the launch of Prestige Cruises.
Pro-Hong Kong activists condemn China the day after the election decision.
A peking faithful group waved the Chinese flag nearby.
On Sunday, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress passed a framework law allowing only two or three candidates for the 2017 leadership election in Hong Kong.
All candidates must first obtain the majority support of a nomination committee, which is expected to be composed of peking loyal members.
This decision makes it almost impossible for opposition Democrats to be admitted to the election and has prompted pro-democracy activists to realise their threat and to block Hong Kong's financial market with "Occupy Central" protesters.
Political reforms have long been a controversial topic in Hong Kong; and China’s party leadership fears that the calls for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of a Beijing White Paper in June describing China's domination of Hong Kong, democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on the election process in the Special Administrative Region, in which hundreds of thousands marched into the city's business district and organized a sit-in there.
Li's interview is organized by the Government of Hong Kong and the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
The Deputy Chairman of the Legal Committee of the Standing Committee, Zhang Rongshun, and the Deputy Director of the Hong Kong and Macau Office of the Council of State, Feng Wei, were to be interviewed during the day.
Student activists announced that they would gather in the afternoon in front of the Hong Kong Chief Executive's office.
Until the end of the 150-year colonial government in Hong Kong, Britain did not see any democratic elements.
Putin asks Kiev to start "state talks" with Eastern Ukraine
According to Russian media reports, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stop fighting the separatists in the east of the country and immediately start negotiations on the "statehood" of the destabilising region.
His spokesman, Dimitri Peskov, later clarified that Putin did not mean that the separatist-controlled territory of Eastern Ukraine would become part of Russia, but that his status with Ukraine had to be redefined in order to give the Russian-speaking region the power to represent its rights and interests.
However, Putin’s call to the Kiev government to negotiate at the highest level with the pro-Russian insurgents fits in with the strategy he seems to have pursued since the start of the protests five months ago: to help the separatists gain territories and to put pressure on the Ukrainian government to enable the newly proclaimed region of Novorossia to achieve de facto independence for an alliance with Russia instead of with the West.
In an interview with the state television channel Kanal Eins, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture the separatist-held territories in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, which were captured in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently referred to the occupied territory as "Novorossija" or "Neursland", a term that reminds of the pre-revolutionary glory of the Russian Empire.
Putin pointed out that all those who, in the course of the campaigns of Ukrainian politicians for the elections on 26 October and while government groups attack civil communities in the territories held by separatists hope for short-term peace talks are "captured in their illusions", Itar-Tass reported.
"We must immediately engage in detailed discussions, not only on technical issues, but also on the political organisation of society and the state status of Southeast Ukraine, in order to safeguard the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskow said Putin's reference to statehood must be seen in the context of greater autonomy, which has been discussed for months by the Kiev leadership, in order to dispel fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights are at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government can grant the necessary autonomy to the eastern territories, Peskow said.
This is not about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, Peskow said, "because it is not about a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but about an internal conflict in Ukraine."
The Kremlin spokesman's clarification of the correction of the "false interpretation" of Putin's remarks underscored Russia's leadership's claim to deal with the separatist rebellion in the east, as opposed to the direct annexation of Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million inhabitants are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have much greater difficulty in annexing the Donetsk and Luhansk regions in eastern Ukraine, since most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russians and polls from the period before the conflict gave a broad majority for remaining in Ukraine.
The autonomy addressed by Russian diplomats in international forums would give the regional governments in Ukraine power to negotiate their own trade agreements and external relations, thus giving the Kremlin de facto control of an area that links the Russian state territory with Crimea.
The Black Sea Peninsula, annexed five months ago, is home to most of the Russian navy, as well as an important trading port and historical coastal region.
The regions between Russia and Crimea are also rich in mines, factories and mills, which produce important components for the Russian military.
In his inaugural speech on 7 June, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko suggested that, following the new elections, Ukrainian legislation should consider constitutional additions that would give the respective regions greater control over their finances and the status of their languages.
But his idea of autonomy seems to stand in sharp contrast to those of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels, accused of arming and apprehending Moscow.
Putin’s latest call to Kiev to negotiate with the separatist leaders on the spot followed a further incursion by the rebels last week, after Russian troops and tanks invaded eastern Ukraine via the previously peaceful region along the Assow Sea.
The Russian-backed separatists took control of Novoasovsk in a coup, which, according to fears of Ukrainian security officials, is the first step in a campaign to take over the strategic coastal region to Crimea.
For this reason, massive civilian and military preparations have been undertaken to secure Mariupol, a steel industry port with 500,000 inhabitants, which lies between Novoasovsk and the narrow access to the Crimean Peninsula.
Speaking at an EU leadership meeting in Brussels on Saturday, Poroshenko urged action to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"We are nearing a point at which there is no return," Poroshenko warned.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit did not decide on concrete actions, the leadership demanded the draft of further sanctions against Russia to come into force in the event of an unspecified escalation of the Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk after two Russian tanks and 1,000 soldiers entered the Donetsk region last week to support the besieged separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, spokesman of the Ukrainian National Security and Defence Council, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first, probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers, who were trapped by the Russian invasion of Iloujsk, were exchanged on Sunday for 10 Russian paratroopers who had been captured a week ago on Ukrainian territory, Lysenko said on Sunday.
Naked photo scandal about Australian Promis and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey Edelsten did not hesitate to complain about hackers who probably stole nude pictures of his fiancé Gabi Grecko and a Who is Who of the Hollywood A-Promis.
The movie city is in a thrill after a series of unambiguous photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a hacking scandal around Promis appeared on the Internet.
The hacker responsible for this probably has 60 nude photos of Lawrence, Star from "the Tribute of Panem" and of superstars, including models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle as well as actress Kirsten Dunst.
Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski, and Grecko from Melbourne allegedly also published private photos due to an iCloud error.
There are 101 candidates on the list.
Edelsten, who had engaged to Grecko last month, told Confidential, "It's contradictory."
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a shame that private information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Grecko, currently in New York, reportedly said on a news website that the hack was "harmful" and that the victims felt "injured".
The hacker probably has 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-friend Scott Speedman, including two shots in which she is lying up without in a pool.
Palmer's films include "Love Is Invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck-Star Strahovski and actress Browning from Sucker Punch were not available yesterday for comments on the hacked pictures.
A Lawrence' representative told TMZ: "It's a disgusting breach of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen condemned the hacker in his tweet: "Posting hacked pictures from a mobile phone is nothing but selling heaterware."
Legally speaking, the dissemination of stolen pictures should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and hikers took part in yesterday's 8th riding on the Großen Feldberg and thus supported the association "Help for Children with Cancer".
The tour, which was a goal for one, represented an easy training for the others.
In one, however, they all agreed: it was fun.
Thomas Studanski should have slept well last night.
For for the first time in his life, the head of the Oberurseler Brauhaus rode his bike to Feldberg yesterday.
For the good purpose.
He can easily hide the small muscle cat, especially since the participation in the 8th riding on the Große Feldberg in favour of the association "Helfen für krebskranke Kinder" (Frankfurt) has also personally brought him a valuable insight.
A great thing.
"I know now that I can do that - great!"
Small cottage on the way in the applause curve?
No, if I had stopped once, it would have been out...
Like Thomas Studanski, who sits for the CDU in the Upper Ursel city parliament, many of the 718 participants went to the mountains yesterday at Early Tau and came close to exhaustion, but happy on the plateau.
Others, on the other hand, found it easier to overcome the good eleven kilometers long distance between Hohemark and Feldberg.
Norman Dießner, for example.
The entirely red appearing Green politician from the district day - red dress, red bike - did something on understatement at the start ("Every lot of professionals, there is arrival the goal!"), but then turned out on the mountain as half a professional and went through the goal after 45 minutes without breathlessness.
He also went through the route in a hurry, as did Nina Kuhn, spokeswoman for the city of Oberursel, who joined Frank Grüneisen on the way.
For the two triathletes the "Feldberg riding" was not necessarily a sporting challenge: "This is about charity, we are happy to be with it - we would have made a trip today anyway," says Kuhn.
On the way, they met Paul Wenzel from Oberreifenberg.
The boy (12) had driven down to Oberursel in the morning in order to climb up again.
Florian Zierz from Frankfurt had rolled into the saddle at home at 9 a.m. in the morning, "made" the Feldberg twice, and then rolled home with fun.
"Fritten-Toni" also had fun.
For the head of the Oberursel Kultkiosk cycling tours over the Feldberg are simply one of them.
He had completed 40 minutes with his 6.5-kilo racing bike.
A crazy event.
For this purpose - that's where I'm happy to be," Andreas Balzke said.
The trained Mainzer says of himself that he is an "ambitious racing cyclist".
That must be him too, because he was riding with the "Fixie-Rad", which are also racing bikes, but without switching...
Not only the 20 hikers who climbed over the White Wall and the Fuchstanz to the summit proved that it was easy to get up without a bicycle, but also a jogger who pulled a car tyre with weights behind him on a basket.
Bergwacht-Arzt Professor Volker Lischke, who with his team, equipped with all-wheel bully and quad, ensured safety, said: "I know him from Frankfurt, who trains for a special sledge ride, only that he pulls the sledge himself." So the man is, in a sense, his own sledge dog.
The 718 participants - and thus as many as never before - were sent to the track in groups in the morning.
The hikers first at 9.30 a.m.
The first cyclists and runners followed at 10 a.m.
Five minutes later the first mountain bikers left.
Bent Hansen, chairman of the association "Radeln auf den Großen Feldberg", gave the start commands and wished the participants a nice trip.
For next year he hopes that it will be possible to block the route up to Feldberg for the safety of the participants.