Former head of Brazilian presidential cabinet faces court
On Tuesday, a federal judge accepted charges against the former head of the Brazilian presidential cabinet for his alleged involvement in a massive corruption scheme against the state oil company Petrobras.
The federal prosecutor's office said Jose Dirceu will be indicted for corruption, deception and money laundering charges this month.
Fourteen others will be tried, including Joao Vaccari Neto, the former Treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party in Brazil, and Renato de Souza Duque, the former President of Petrobras' business services.
Dirceu is the oldest member of the ruling Workers' Party detained for ties to the scheme.
Dirceu served as cabinet chief of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva from 2003 to 2005.
He was arrested at home in early August, where he was already under house arrest, with an 11-year sentence for involvement in a vote buying scheme in Congress more than 10 years ago.
Prosecutors said Dirceu developed a scheme to bribe Petrobras, accepted bribes while in office, and continued to receive payments from entrepreneurs after being shut down in late 2013 for the vote purchase scandal.
According to prosecutors, the Petrobras scheme involved about $2 billion in bribes and other illegal funds.
Some of that money would have gone back to the campaign fund of the ruling party and their allies.
It would also include bribery of Petrobras directors in exchange for floated contracts.
"miraculous" recovery of Peshawar massacre survivor
A teenager paralysed after being shot four times in Pakistan's worst terrorist attack has managed a "miraculous" recovery following treatment in the UK.
To Mohamed Ibrahim Khan, 13, doctors in Pakistan had told him that he would never be able to go again.
At least 140 people, mostly children, were killed when armed men attacked the army's public school in Peshawar last December.
Mohamed, who arrived in London last month for surgery, will later be released from the hospital.
Exactly nine months ago, on an ordinary Tuesday morning, Mohamed was sitting at first aid and listening carefully to his teachers.
Even then, seven armed men dressed in the uniforms of the guards entered the army's public school.
They were carrying hundreds of explosives and they had a simple mission: to kill all the men, women and children who were entering their way.
"I can't forget what happened that day," Mohamed says with a sharp look.
We were sitting in the amphitheatre, asking questions... then we heard gunfire outside.
Terrorists came in and started killing; our professor was burned alive.
Mohamed describes how he took four students out of the amphitheatre while thecarnage was taking place.
Then he says that he heard his friend, Hamza, shouting at him.
He said, "Oh, brother, save me."
We held him by the hand.
Then I was shot in the back and he shot in the head.
Most killed in attack were students
Hamza died in Mohamed's arms.
Mohamed recalls that immediately after that he was relieved and that the next thing he knew was that he was on a hospital bed paralysed from the roof down.
The doctors in Peshawar in northern Pakistan, then in Rawalpindi, near the capital, told his family that there was no treatment and that he would never be able to go again.
"When I saw him, I felt my soul coming out," says Sher Khan, Mohamed's father.
Those nine months were the hardest of my life.
But Khan and his wife, Sherbano, refused to believe that their son, so passionate about cricket, would ever be able to use his feet.
They campaigned and asked for help from Pakistani television, drawing the support of famous people such as Imran Khan, a cricketer who became a politician.
In the end, they managed to raise funds to take Mohamed to the United Kingdom and give him treatment at the private Harley Street clinic in London.
Counselling neurosurgeon Irfan Malik described Mohamed as "terrified" when he arrived at the hospital.
"He spent the last [several] months lying in bed without being able to move from one side to the other," Malik says.
He was weakened, there was a lot of pressure on his back.
It was not in a good shape.
A vertebrate at the base of Mohamed's vertebrate column was destroyed
Mohamed had been shot in the shoulder, neck and back during the attack, and his lower back had been destroyed, resulting in paralysis.
However, during an operation that lasted six hours, Malik and his team succeeded in linking the nerve endings again and reconstructing the damaged part of the column.
Even Malik was surprised by what went on.
Exactly a week after the operation, Mohamed stood up and began to take steps and walk.
We did not expect such a good result.
It was a miracle," he says.
Within less than two weeks of the operation, Mohamed is ready to leave the hospital and begin the long recovery process.
Mohamed defied fate and started walking again
He wants to become strong and continue his studies in the UK.
But he is determined to return to Pakistan, to join the army and to fight terrorism.
"I feel like I have another chance to live," he says, showing pictures of weapons drawn by him next to school textbooks and stylos.
Physically, Mohamed is getting stronger and stronger every day, but the psychological trauma he is still experiencing is unimaginable.
"My family has not declined," he confesses.
In my school, small children were killed.
What crime did they commit?
His mother removes a limb, eats the pet, and says, "I see my son walking again."
It will be able to continue its natural life.
Three's "Super Voice" 4G service offers better signal
Three uses a lower frequency 4G spectrum that can cover a wider area
The mobile phone provider Three has launched a service in the United Kingdom that it says will improve reception inside buildings and in rural areas without signals.
The 4G Super Voice service allows customers to make calls and send text messages using a lower frequency spectrum.
Other networks are planning to introduce the same technology, known as "Voice Over Long-Term Evolution (VoLTE)".
It currently only works with the Samsung Galaxy S5, but recent iPhone phones will benefit from it in the coming months.
Three notes that up to 5.5 million customers will have access to the service by 2017.
Chief Technology Officer Bryn Jones said, "By the end of the year, one million of our customers will have access to better indoor coverage and will be able to use their phones in more places than before."
Scenes prepare for footwear session
The pantomime session is very important for theatres across the UK, many of which are now preparing for this year's session.
Now some of the biggest names in the show business are attending the Christmas theatre.
Matthew Kelly and Hayley Mills will appear in The Snow White - the first in the role of one of the bad sisters, and the second in the role of the swan.
They reveal the secrets of their shoes at BBC Breakfast.
Steven Wilson: "If I don't do anything, I feel guilty"
Steven Wilson recently named the grand winner of Progressive Music Awards
Steven Wilson has often been called the most hardworking musician in the world of progressive rock.
The talented musician won three awards at the Progressive Music Awards in London this month, including the Best Album of the Year award for Hand.
In its five-star review, The Guardian called the album "an intelligent, expressive and captivating work of art".
Wilson has been the driving force behind several musical projects since the 1980s, most notably the rock band Porcupine Tree.
Now, ahead of two closed-door performances at the Royal Albert Hall, Wilson is releasing a double LP in vinyl only, Transience, to show the "more accessible" side of his solo work.
He told the BBC about his love of guilt and his busy schedule, and explained how comedian Matt Berry got to open his shows.
What does guilt mean for you?
I grew up at the very end of the wine era, and I remember just waiting for the CD to come out, because the wine was so annoying.
I bought a disc, I went home with it, it had a scratch and I had to bring it back.
I love CDs, and for certain types of music, for example classical music, they are better than vinyls.
But the problem with CDs and digital downloads is that there is nothing to really value anymore.
Having a guilt is like having a beautiful picture wrapped up in a drawer.
It is something that you can hold in your hand, while being absorbed by verse and overwhelmed by artistic act.
I thought it was just a nostalgic issue, but there is no way that it can happen if some too young people can remember their guilt and like this kind of experience.
Do you have any particular guilt?
I admit that we got rid of all the guilt in the 1990s.
All the guilt that we had is bought again.
We started with the idea of recreating the collection that we had when we were 15, but we have gone beyond that limit.
The first disc I convinced my parents to buy was Out of the Blue by the Electric Light Orchestra.
If I had still had the original one, it would have had sentimental value, but unfortunately it is somewhere in a charity shop.
Steven Wilson hopes album will be a gateway to possible new fans
Why have you launched your new compilation Transience on guilt?
It was originally conceived as an idea for Disc Store Day, but we missed the opportunity.
My record house had suggested collecting some of my shorter and more accessible songs.
I came to be slightly obsessed with the idea of doing something like "introduction to Steven Wilson's music" and necessarily kept the project going on as a guilt trip.
Whoever buys the wine also receives a version downloaded at high resolution.
Are you worried that the album will not show your music in its true light?
No, because although I am focusing on longer pieces of music, there is one thing that I have always valued above all else: the melodic part.
There is a lot of progressive rock that focuses on technical complexity rather than the melodic side.
Pink Floyd, the most famous progressive rock band of all time, have passed the test of time because they have always put the emphasis on the melodic side and the atmosphere.
What are you preparing for the Albert Hall performances?
I do not want to reveal too much.
The repertoire will be completely different every night.
Firstly, there will be a version of the Hand show. It was the one we had this year, but on steroids, with a few guests.
The second night will be rather an inquiry into my history, more aimed at the fans who have followed me over the years.
How did you choose Matt Berry to open your show on the second night?
I and the rest of the tour team are also big fans of [Channel 4 comedy series] Toast of London, to the point where we keep getting quotes from it.
I also thought about listening to Matt's music, so I bought his album, Music for Insomniacs.
We talked to him about our common love for Mike Oldfield and asked him to sing at the Royal Albert Hall.
It seems to me that I am extremely lucky to have him at the opening.
You remixed albums by bands like XTC, Tears for Fears and Yes.
How much does this influence your own music?
I am not consciously inspired by this, but inevitably, when you deconstruct these classic albums, they stay in your mind.
My last solo album, The Raven That Refused to Sing, was undoubtedly the most progressive old school album I have ever created.
I do not think it was a coincidence that I remixed King Crimson, Jethro Tull and Yes almost the whole year before.
The current album, Hand. Erase., is much more open, because we were working on Tears for Fears and XTC.
You are often described as the most busy progressive rock musician.
Is that how you feel?
You can remove the word progressively.
I think I am probably one of the most busy people in the world of music today and I am not saying this with pride, because, please believe me, it is a curse.
I think I inherited this from my father, who has an incredibly strong work ethic.
If I do nothing all day, I begin to feel guilty.
That's why working on remixes was a gift, because it means I don't have to do all the time just my music.
The music industry is a tough place to have a career.
Now I would not recommend this to anyone as a profession.
I work every day and I am not rich, but I live well.
I love what I do, it is a privilege, but if I had been lazy I do not think I would have survived.
The transition will be launched in the United Kingdom on 25 September.
Steven Wilson will perform at the Royal Albert Hall on September 28th and 29th, as part of his European tour 2015-2016.
New contract brings jobs back to Skytrans
The new Skytrans has reassigned a part of the airline's staff who lost their jobs when the old Skytrans went bankrupt.
Skytrans, the relocated company from northern Queensland, has awarded a USD 25 million contract to transport employees of the QGC natural gas company, which meant that 18 crew members returned to work.
Skytrans, a company owned by the Wild family, became very active in January, after the Newman Government rewarded subsidised routes that formed a large part of the airline's business.
The bankruptcy has made several communities face potential isolation, and Warren Entsch, the national-liberal federal MP for Northern Queensland, has been the representative voice of the national-liberal government's criticisms.
Another company, Collings Aircraft Holdings, relaunched the Skytrans brand in March.
Skytrans CEO Michael Thinee said the airline's contract with QCG has already created jobs.
"We succeeded in reassigning 18 full-time Skytrans staff as pilots and crew members," he said.
We are also pleased to have a new staff with direct logistical experience in managing flight operations for QGC customers.
In just five months, we have increased our workforce by 100%, with 78 staff employed in Cairns and now in Brisbane.
The contract aims to extend Skytrans's flight operations from its headquarters in Cairns, which serves Cape York and Torres Strait, and to include a base in Brisbane.
Skytrans will operate 18 return flights a week for QGC staff and Brisbane entrepreneurs to locations in Chinchilla and Taroom, in its 36-seat Dash-8 aircraft, starting on Monday (October 26th).
QGC CEO Tony Nunan said Skytrans received the contract as a result of a tender procedure.
"We are pleased that this contract will help expand a company in Queensland," he said.
The Skytrans contract maintains its high-quality and consistent flight services to support our operations and projects.
Liberal MP and newly-wed Kelly O'Dwyer gets advice to make a bigger milk reserve to avoid losing votes in the House
More women expected to join cabinet
Malcolm Turnbull's new government will be inaugurated on Monday, and there are strong signals that more women will take over the portfolios.
One of the government's rising stars, Kelly O'Dwyer, has been advised to make a larger milk reserve for her newborn to prevent breastfeeding from interfering in her duties in Parliament.
The advice comes from the government's disciplinary officer, Scott Buchholz, who subsequently consulted his Labour counterpart to find out what is the best approach for a breastfeeding parliamentarian under the current orders.
Liberal MP Kelly O'Dwyer with her daughter Olivia.
Under the orders in force - the set of rules governing the behaviour of parliamentarians in the Chamber - breastfeeding mothers are empowered to vote in Parliament.
This means that their vote is considered valid even when they are not present in the Chamber.
However, Whip was not aware of this exemption before consulting the opposition disciplinary officer, Chris Hayes, on the matter.
Things precipitated on two occasions, when O'Dwyer was unable to attend a division meeting and was unable to fulfil his obligation to give a speech because he had just begun to join.
On one of these occasions, her team was asked if the MP was thinking of making a larger milk reserve instead of breastfeeding.
Scott Buchholz, MP from Queensland, is in charge of the government's discipline.
Afterwards, the two resolved their dispute.
Both refused to comment when contacted by Fairfax Media, but separate sources from Buchholz and O'Dwyer told Fairfax Media that the representative of the Higgins division was furious when she was told to make a larger milk reserve instead of breastfeeding her daughter, Olivia, born in May.
This is revealed even as new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is working on forming his new cabinet.
Buchholz, a Liberal national MP from Queensland, was promoted to the post of discipleship by former Prime Minister Tony Abbott as part of the negative effect of the attempted no-confidence motion in February this year.
O'Dwyer, pictured with Amanda Rishworth of the Labour Party and her son, Percy, is one of the three nuns in Parliament.
Former disciplinary chief Phillip Ruddock was removed just days after Abbott faced a no-confidence motion to remove him from office, being replaced by Buchholz.
Another supporter of Abbott, Andrew Nickolic, a Liberal from Tasmania, has also been promoted and appointed deputy disciplinarian.
Nickolic was the front page of the newspapers recently, after it was discovered that he had sent Turnbull a message urging him to give up challenging Abbott's leadership.
In August, O'Dwyer returned to Parliament for the first time after the birth of her daughter, Olivia, in May.
She is one of the three parliamentarians who became martyrs this year.
Labour Party spokeswoman Catherine King said Wednesday that voting rights for breastfeeding mothers were introduced when her son was a baby.
"Now she is [seven years old]," she wrote on Twitter.
The disciplinary officer should have known.
O'Dwyer was promoted to the cabinet late last year and can be promoted under Turnbull, who said Wednesday he wants more women in his cabinet.
"Nobody wants more than me to see more women in power, in influence, in parliament, in ministries, across the country," the prime minister told reporters in parliament.
Abbott included a single woman in her first cabinet and, after sustained pressure to increase women's representation in the Coalition, she promoted a second woman to the cabinet after the December shuffle.
Five things business wants from Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull
Malcolm Turnbull: how will the markets react?
BusinessDay editor Mal Maiden looks at the impact Malcolm Turnbull could have on Australia's business sector.
On Tuesday, lobby groups in the business sector did not know how to show more enthusiasm when Malcolm Turnbull took over the country as Prime Minister.
The main reason is that much of what many of them would have wanted to see had been abandoned under Tony Abbott's leadership.
Or it simply ended up in a negotiated suspension because of Abbott's "crash-or-crash-through" political style.
The representatives of the interest groups spoke together about their hope in Turnbull's ability to satisfy the public interest, to reach a political agreement and to do things right.
So what exactly are the biggest companies in the country and their representatives waiting for from our new Prime Minister?
ChAFTA will be a first test of Turnbull's ability to overcome negative advertising.
Turnbull himself set the free trade agreement with China as the starting target.
In his first speech announcing that challenge in the media, the China-Australia Free Trade Agreement (ChAFTA) was at the centre of his attack on Labour leader Bill Shorten.
In a speech in August, Turnbull criticised the Labour Party's "disgusting outbursts of economic chauvinism" on the issue and voiced concern over the racist temptation of criticism.
"In the context of ChAFTA, the winners are, numerically, much more than the losers," he said in the same speech.
The business community hopes that he will win this debate.
Don Argus, the legendary business representative, stressed that this is a key point, supported, among others, by the Australian Business Council (which represents the country's 100 largest companies) and James Packer, the billionaire in the gaming industry.
The business community wants this agreement to be concluded, and this will be a first test of Turnbull's ability to overcome negative advertising and negotiate with the entire Senate.
Minister for Small Business Bruce Billson supports the recommendations in Harper Analysis.
This could lead to certain divergences with the business community from the outset.
The impact assessment applies to large mergers and other contracts in order to decide whether consumers will suffer from lack of competition.
It is called "Effect Assessment" because it takes into account not only the company's actions and intentions, but also the effect they will have on competition and the market.
The way in which this assessment is drafted is extremely important for the outcome.
The Harper analysis of the competition law recommends a change in the impact assessment, which will make it more difficult for large corporations to pull smaller operators out of the market.
The government led by Tony Abbott was on the side of the Australian Business Council and the large retailers.
Turnbull now makes it clear that he wants the entire cabinet to think about what to do next.
The CAA has gone so far as to say that if Turnbull follows the recommendations of the Harper analysis, consumers will have to pay higher prices.
It is ironic that it is the whole business community that has advised the new Prime Minister to have greater respect for processes in the cabinet, which turns out Turnbull is doing by letting Bruce Billson, Minister for Small Business (who is on the side of Harper's recommendations) back up his arguments before his colleagues.
Mediterranean diet could help prevent breast cancer
Spanish researchers have tracked women between the ages of sixty and eighty.
Those who eat mainly plants, fish and olive oil have reduced their chances of developing breast cancer "significantly".
Terrence Howard questions the growth table
Terrence Howard is of the opinion that we have completely misunderstood arithmetic.
The Empire negative told Rolling Stone magazine that he doesn't think one times one is equal to one.
"How can it be equal to one?" he said.
If one times one makes one, it means that two has no value, because one times it itself has no effect.
One times one makes two, because the square root of four is two - so what is the square root of two?
It should be one, but we are told there are two, and that is impossible.
Terrence, we do not really understand what you are saying.
Surprisingly, Howard's professors disagreed with his theory, so he quit the Pratt Institute, where he studied chemical engineering.
"That is, you cannot close your eyes when you know in yourself that something is wrong," he explained.
Howard called his parallel approach to mathematics "Terryology".
The actor confesses that he spends his time cutting and rearranging scissors, scissors, magnets and plastic sheets to illustrate his "one-or-one" theory and other similar theories.
He told the paper that he and his former wife, Mira Pak, spent up to 17 hours a day creating these illustrations.
Rolling Stone editors described Howard's creations as "unfinished, two-dimensional and three-dimensional chandeliers with infinitely more complex shapes, linked to each other by copper wire or pierced with magnets".
Howard says, among other things, that he hopes to receive the US patent 20150079872 A1 ('Systems and Methods for Improved Applications of Construction Roofing').
The actor in "Following an idol" also says Pythagoras Einstein and Tesla would "take a leap" if they saw Terryology.
"Sit," he says, "I've been asking myself since I was three or four years old why a bulb takes the shape of a roundabout?"
Why does it not become a triangle or a wall?
I understand why.
Howard added that he hopes to change the entire course of education.
"This will be the last century in which our children will learn that one times one makes one," he said.
They will no longer have to grow up in ignorance.
Twenty years from now, they will know that one times one makes two.
We are about to reveal a new truth.
True universal math.
We will check that in 20 years' time.
Ariana Grande imitates Britney Spears on Wheel of Impression
On Tuesday, during "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon", Ariana Grande perfectly imitated Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera.
The 22-year-old pop star performed a little on Fallon's Wheel of Impression, performing "Mary Had a Little Lamb" as Spears, then displaying her vocal qualities with "The Wheels on the Bus" sung with Aguilera's voice.
Fallon, in turn, did a good job imitating Sting and Aaron Neville.
The two also performed versions of The Weeknd's "I Can't Feel My Face".
This week, Grande's name has appeared in the media all the time.
On the same day, she was also at "Good Morning America", where she opened the show with the incident of the goose slug.
Taco Bell hopes "Cantina" restaurants to serve wine become urban attractions
Do you want to spend an elegant evening in the city?
Taco Bell is an option.
On 22 September, the Mexican-style fast food chain will open a new location in Chicago's Wicker Park, offering an aperitif-style menu, a fresco painted by a local artist and even alcoholic beverages.
It is the first test site for the chain's "Taco Bell Cantina" restaurants, which are aimed at young people, increasingly concentrated in city centres.
Taco Bell, which has nearly 6,000 restaurants in the US, has its roots mainly in the suburbs and is associated with cheap, quickly prepared food, such as Doritos Locos Taco, which is extremely popular.
With an average Taco Bell payout of $7, the company used drive-through service and fast service to attract the number of customers needed to make a profit.
But Taco Bell says that, in order to address the new generation that "wants more central urban environments to live, work and enjoy", test sites must follow a different model, with smaller spaces and more expensive options.
In order to be able to drive-through, you need ground.
Can you imagine what it means to buy a piece of land in an area like Wicker Park?
"Don't allow it," Neil Borkan, the Taco Bell franchise that will operate the facility in Chicago, told USA TODAY.
At the Chicago location, the new menu will be prepared alongside traditional Taco Bell offerings in an open kitchen where "you can see the food yourself" before it is prepared, Taco Bell Development Manager Meredith Sandland told Associated Press.
The new venue will also serve wine, beer and frozen alcoholic beverages, following the recent example of many of Taco Bell's competitors.
Seventy-five Starbucks cafes now offer evening menus that include beer, wine and tastings.
One thousand of the around 1900 Chipotle restaurants serve alcoholic beverages.
The company said another Taco Bell Cantina site will open in San Francisco near AT&T Park this month, replacing the drive-through and parking service with an indoor courtyard and a window for sales.
These changes in location, atmosphere and annexes indicate that the chain of fast food restaurants wants to attract other types of customers besides those looking for fast food at night.
Taco Bell first decided on a higher-quality culinary line in 2012, when it opened more expensive Cantina and Burritos menus to compete with Chipotle, the project being supported by an advertising campaign focused on the protein content of new preparations.
If successful, Cantina restaurants will be another step up the ladder.
Taco Bell said it plans to open 2,000 restaurants in the US by 2022.
As Sandland told the AP, "several hundred" of them will be of the "Cantina" type.
They turn on the phones in the middle of the night: Elton John courts Putin
Russian President Vladimir Putin telephoned Elton John on Monday night, just days after the British artist publicly said he wanted to meet the Russian politician to discuss old Russian legislation together.
The British singer, who is said to be gay, tried unsuccessfully to get a meeting with Putin while in Russia in November 2014, a year after defying protests in the country and holding two concerts in 2013, at a turbulent time in the country's history, following the adoption of controversial laws banning "homosexual propaganda" among minors.
In 2014, in St Petersburg, the British artist criticised these laws and made the following statement to fans: "Although I am gay, I always felt welcome here in Russia."
If I were not honest about what they are, I would not be able to compose these songs.
They do not mean gay propaganda.
They represent the way in which I express life.
If we start punishing people for this, then the world will lose its humanity.
Last week, the artist denied he wanted to meet with Putin to discuss the controversial issue.
So far, there is no clear information on the telephone conversation between the two persons.
Cocos "cantated" ANRP file as well
Businessman Dorin Cocos is trying to rescue himself from a crushing conviction, still "canting" before the judges and detailing how he handed out millions of euros to former members of the ANRP Commission.
At yesterday's hearing at the High Court of Cassation and Justice in the file in which he is being tried alongside his son Alin Cocos, former DIICOT chief Alina Bica and former members of the Central Commission for the Stabilisation of Disbursements within the ANRP, Dorin Cocos was struck by the spark of sincerity.
He acknowledged all the allegations and told judges on Monday how he helped businessman Gheorghe Stelian in the ANRP bailouts, instead demanding that he be tried sooner and that his collaboration be taken into account.
Thus, Cocos indicated he had known Gheorghe Stelian since 2006 and had been acquainted with him after several real estate transactions.
He said he met Sergiu Diacomatu in 2010, and he told him he was working at ANRP.
Later we learned that (Diacomatu, n.r.) is vice president, and because Gheorghe Stelian had a file at ANRP, we asked him to help us.
I promised him money, EUR 2.5 million, money that I said I would give him in several tranches.
I also promised him political support to stay in office.
"Diacomatu told me then that he was helping me, but that he needed support," Dorin Cocos said in the courtroom.
He also said that he subsequently, through a acquaintance, came into contact with the Dumitrean Crisis, who was then the head of the Central Commission for Disbursements, which promised him 800,000 euros.
For Gheorghe Stelian's second file, we knew he wanted to get more than 300,000 euros.
Diacomatu already had political support, and we also gave him EUR 5 million.
To the crisis Dumitrean a million euros, we gave Dragos Bogdan 800,000 euros.
I predict that we would give all this money to him in vain, to make sure that the dossier is resolved.
"I told them now: settle the file, get compensation," Cocos said.
Asked why he ended up doing these things, Dorin Cocos said he received eightm euros for the positive resolution of Gheorghe Stelian's second file.
I received EUR eight million for the second dossier to solve the problem, but I only had EUR 1.2 million left.
In 2013, we also met Alina Bica.
"We never talked to her about money or land," Cocos said.
He also said that "it was well-known that at the ANRP all the members were getting along before the meeting".
I did not have the feeling that they would not vote in favour.
All the functions were politically divided in the ANRP, but I personally did not politically help Diacomatu.
"I told him I was helping him politically only to reassure him," Cocos concluded.
Ponta brings European Court of Justice to DNA
Prime Minister Victor Ponta was at the DNA yesterday for only five minutes, during which time he filed new documents in the "Turceni - Rovinari" file.
Victor Ponta flees DNA with European Court of Justice document
Convinced that the case prosecutor would receive it for a discussion on the file in which he is being investigated for forgery in private signature records, complicity in tax evasion and money laundering, Victor Ponta went on his own to the DNA, although the documents he could have sent through a lawyer.
That was not the case, as the prosecutor did not have time, and the prime minister left after five minutes, during which time he left several documents on file.
I wanted to table (on file) the decision of the European Court of Justice of 3 September explaining what is happening with service contracts.
I say we have done work, the prosecutor says we have not done work, the European Court of Justice has told us to keep our eyes on the prize, because as long as the taxes are paid, it is fine.
"From the point of view of the European Court of Justice, which is, of course, binding for all countries of the European Union, we do not have a case here," Prime Minister Victor Ponta said as he left the DNA.
Ponta also said that, in his view, the decision of the European Court should apply, if we are members of the EU.
Until then, the prime minister expects the prosecutor to read the European Court's decision and call him back to the hearings, but also to give him a response to his demands, including the disclosure of the file.
Johannes enjoys his tenure without TV
In Romania these days, there is no legal provision to force you to watch television.
Not even if you own one, since you pay the TV fee once you pay for the energy bill.
However, if you are the head of state, things change radically.
Because, in practice, it is pointed out that the ownership of the Romanian President's post also involves keeping abreast of daily realities.
President Johannes immerses himself in complete silence in his office or Cotroceni every day
Only, to the shock of even his closest people at the Cotroceni Palace, Klaus Johansson refused to have a TV in the presidential office.
And after he does not watch television - no programmes, not even RTL or Pro Sieben - the President does not listen to radio stations or newspapers.
Furthermore, it does not even receive the "negative monitoring" that the predecessor, for example, demanded as a matter of priority.
On the contrary, Johannes enjoys receiving only the report with the news that shines a positive light on him.
And besides this information self-isolation, in which the only breach is access to Facebook, much more serious is the blockade to which, through his passivity, the head of state imposes the entire activity of the Presidential Administration.
This is because, although it has been such a long time since he took office, Johannes has not yet signed the declarations of loyalty of more than half of the employees of the Presidential Administration.
This is becoming an increasingly serious problem, both humanly and legally.
Linism and peace
It is already clear to those in the presidential staff that no one and nothing can further damage the "feng shui" in the head of state's office.
Where there is peace and quiet.
Right, just after nine o'clock without a minute (no more, no less!), this morning, when the former mayor of Sibiu asks for the officials' presence.
This is a custom that has probably not diminished since he was mayor of the town of Cibin.
And the fact that Johannes doesn't want TV in his office has already given rise to numerous legends, with people at the Cotroceni Palace already inclining to the option that the president would try to avoid monitoring him.
Especially because it has no radio.
Only that, at this rate, he is going to meditate in the dark as soon as possible, because lighting equipment can also hide the technology of recording audio-video.
Only for good
Another strange thing at the Cotroceni Palace is the delivery to the head of state of only "voluntary monitoring" of the president's activities.
That is, if there is any good news about Klaus Johansson or his wife, the head of state will receive her continuation.
If not, no!
What is even more interesting is that "negative monitoring" was banned in circumstances where, for example, Traian Basescu was recognised not only as a result of the nightly TV broadcasts in which he was criticised, but he demanded every morning, with priority, negative news.
That does not mean that she helped him in any way, but that is what matters!
And at least he cannot have any excuse for not being well informed from alternative sources.
Neither outside nor confirmed
Now, after all, the mystery of why Klaus Johannes does not want to watch television is also being asked.
Until then, however, it would be more important to resolve, in whatever form, the contractual situation of hundreds of employees in the Presidential Administration.
In order to be able to work here, they are obliged to sign a declaration of loyalty to the head of state in office, and they must also bear his signature.
Only that, from December to now, Klaus Johansson has not signed to confirm at least half of these statements, even though this was supposed to happen in at least 30 days.
So hundreds of employees, representing more than half of the staff at the Cotroceni Palace, are now in an uncertain situation.
Because, legally speaking, if the head of state does not personally sign them, they should be thrown out.
Only they did not receive the negative opinion either!
As if, at work, the inspectors of the Court of Auditors could come anywhere, who would find that, for more than half a year, hundreds of people have received their salaries at least somewhere on the fringes of the law.
Until the president decides whether to fire them or confirm their appointments, which is strictly his decision.
Authorities say a teenager staged an attack against Pope Francis during his visit to the US
A teenage man's ISIS-inspired plan to attack Pope Francis during his visit to the US was "aspirational" rather than operational, a police source confirmed to Fox News Tuesday.
The 15-year-old was arrested in the Philadelphia area in August, when law enforcement denied the plan.
The plan is the same that Texas Representative Mike McCaul, President of Internal Security, referred to during an interview Sunday, a source told Fox News.
"We are monitoring very carefully the threats against the Pope for his visit to the United States," McCaul told ABC's "This Week".
Pope Francis was not mentioned as the specific target of the plan in a bulletin.
on 14 August, in which the teenager allegedly planned to use multiple assailants, firearms and explosives, targeting "a foreign official during a high-level event".
The bulletin mentions that the minor has radicalised via social networks.
The teenager may suffer from a mental illness, a law enforcement source told Fox News, but without giving exact details about the young man's illness.
Also on Sunday, McCaul acknowledged the potential for an attack by a so-called nation-wide "single voice", and noted that he had been informed by the Secret Services of a "strictly secret location" for the Pope's visit.
That brings with it a great security risk... However, as the date approaches, I think we will all be very vigilant and protect him when he arrives in the United States.
Matt Dean of Fox News produced this material.
Tree-covered medieval skeleton suffered violent death, experts say
Irish archaeologists have revealed astonishing details of the strange medieval skeleton found at the root of a 215-year-old tree.
The falcon in Collooney, Sligo, fell during a storm this year, bringing to light the macabre view of a skeleton caught between its roots.
The Irish National Monuments Service brought experts from the Sligo-Leitrim Archaeological Services to excavate and analyse the remains, thereby discovering a horrific story.
"He was violently killed," Sligo-Leitrim Archaeological Services Director Marion Dowd told FoxNews.com.
In the upper part of his chest he has stab wounds; he still has such a scar in his left hand, suggesting that he was trying to defend himself.
The scheme is for a young man between the ages of 17 and 20.
Carbon analysis shows that the remains are between 900 and 1000 years old.
"We cannot know if he was killed in battle or in a personal dispute," Dowd says, noting that the body was buried after a Christian ritual, heading west.
"It was probably buried by the family or community," she added.
Dowd told FoxNews.com who planted the tree did not know the tomb.
"It was just a coincidence, the context is unusual," she said.
There are historical documents showing that there was a church and a cemetery in the area, but today there are no visible traces of them.
There is also an unusual aspect of the discovery: the height of the young.
"He was 1m 77," Dowd says.
For early medieval society, that means quite a lot.
Federal government spends $1.5 million to study what babies think about food
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) spent nearly $1.5 million studying what young children think about food.
The project, dubbed "The way babies and young children perceive food," is being run by the University of Chicago and has so far established that babies are not predisposed to eating other people's soft food or that other people have tried.
According to the project's funder, "adequate nutrition is important for health and longevity, but many Americans do not have nutritionally healthy diets".
There is evidence suggesting that the first food models of babies and young children have lasting consequences for lifelong health.
The prize for this study is that there is a lack of research into how babies look at food.
"Despite the complexity and significance of food selection, child development psychologists have devoted surprisingly little attention to studying how babies and young children perceive, learn and understand food," the funder said.
The current proposal applies cognitive development methods to test social influences on the choice and consumption of food in infants and young children.
Researchers say babies have "limited food knowledge".
Children between the ages of three and six "know more about food than babies and young children", but are "extremely sophisticated consumers".
Star Trek: Voyager actress accused of degrading performance in Tennessee
An actress who starred in the television series "Star Trek: Voyager" was arrested in eastern Tennessee on charges of exposure to children.
Several media channels report that actress Jennifer Ann Lien, 41, who played Kes in the television series, is accused of two offences of indecent exposure, involving children under the age of 13, according to the arrest report.
Officers from the sheriff's office in Roane County brought the arrest warrant on 3 September to Lien's home in Harriman, where they say they found a blank under a dustbin.
The officers said Lien has denied their requests to dress.
Harriman Police Chief Randy Heidle says Lien has been charged with several counts, including aggravated bodily harm, following the April incident in which he said Lien entered a police car with his own car.
It is not yet known whether he has a lawyer.
Police Identify Killed Victim Found in Epping Forest
A man whose decomposing body was discovered in a tourist forest has been identified.
On September 9th, Hidir Aksakal, 53, was found near Hollow Ponds in Epping Forest, northeast London.
The Turkish-born man lived in Margate, Kent, and had close connections to the Green Lanes area of Haringey, north of London.
It was last seen in Green Lanes on the morning of Monday 17 August.
A postmortem analysis has shown that he was killed, and detectives say his body was probably in the Epping forest for several weeks.
Metropolitan Police Inspector General Jamie Piscopo said, "Mr Aksakal was very well known locally as Boxer Cetin and we hope to find information from the Green Lanes community that will help us in the investigation.
Hollow Ponds is a crowded and popular tourist destination, where there is a cafe and a lake for boat trips.
It is also surrounded by busy streets.
I would ask all those who have been in the area in recent weeks and may have noticed any unusual or suspicious activity to come and talk to us.
Super boss: six women juggle maternity and service
Unlike any other country in the world, with the exception of Papua New Guinea, the United States does not have a centralised policy on paid maternity leave.
Two weeks ago, when Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer announced that she was pregnant with twins but was planning to take a very short maternity leave and "work during" her free time, the 40-year-old woman was widely criticised for encouraging a culture that waits for superheroes or nothing.
But is Mayer, herself a symbol of the top woman, to blame for unrealistic expectations?
How are other women leaders doing?
Seema Patel, a lawyer and deputy director of the Office for the Application of Labour Standards in San Francisco, had just obtained a government job in Washington DC a few years ago, when her head shocked her with an unexpected advice.
"I don't know anything about you," the head told her.
But if you are going to have a family in the future, go ahead and take your leave now.
Patel's employer was the federal government, and she did not receive a single day of paid maternity leave as part of her employment contract.
At the time, Patel was unmarried and very focused on her career, and the family was the last thing she was thinking.
But she listened to her boss' advice.
She has avoided using her four-year medical leave, so when she was pregnant with her first child two years ago, she took three months of paid leave.
Six months ago, when she gave birth to her second child, Patel could no longer apply the same strategy.
The four months of leave that she took was completely unpaid.
Patel says she has not felt any rejection from her colleagues, but has a problem with the work structure.
"It seems very discouraging to me for anyone trying to have a family," she says.
It sends a message: your country puts no value on becoming a parent.
Karen Choi, vice-president of the Capital Group asset management firm, says that any female employee who is also a mother should be praised.
Choi, who has four children, one of whom is a six-month-old, describes the juggling between motherhood and work as "a constant struggle".
The secret to not sinking in is to have an "unbelievable family with you" and a voucher and a babysitter, to admit that there are things you're not going to be the best at ("not everyone can be Martha at the indoor amenities") and just go through it.
Choi says she has taken an increasing amount of maternity leave for each child, beginning with two and a half months for the first and ending with six months for the last.
This makes it an exception, especially in its field of activity.
When your child is sick, has a fever, vomits and you stay all night to take care of him and you know that the next morning you have to take your other children to school, then go to work...
Then it becomes very complicated," she says.
But her company has backed it and notes that the performance of her investment portfolio has not suffered at all.
When she entered the finance industry after university, about 20 of her college colleagues chose the same path, she says.
Today, about 90% of them have given up.
Women who quit their jobs and then start again no longer have the same chances of top-paid jobs, she says.
It's hard to say: "In the short term it's a sacrifice, but in the long term the results are visible."
Anyway, her children helped her make sense of this sacrifice, because all four of her children are girls.
One of the things that helps me go further is that I would like to be a model for them.
The idea of being an example to her four children is what motivates scientific researcher and professor Kelly Posner, 48.
Children know that their mother is helping to save human lives on her own.
Posner, founder and director of the Centre for the Evaluation of the Risk of Sickness at Columbia University, says it is important for women to know that they can have a "great goal" in their career and achieve it.
It is very important for women to believe that they can have a vision.
Most don't allow themselves to believe that," she says.
She once made a presentation to 200 people, including government officials, in Italy during a webinar, when she was pregnant in eight months.
Technology has also helped, she says, since it can stop the car and answer the phone after taking the children or answer an e-mail from the bus.
The struggle between maternity and a demanding career has been helped by an optimistic, problem-solving personality, she says, and the ability to get things done even when it seems impossible.
Jennifer Epps-Addison, 33, executive director of Wisconsin Jobs Now and mother of two, says making motherhood and career work together only through private help networks, such as bones, is wrong.
"You shouldn't get lucky or win a lottery to be successful," she says, describing the failure of the system to support women and families -- citing very low wages, a poor health system and a lack of paid maternity leave.
"As a society, we don't take care of each other," she says.
We cannot even guarantee the recovery of mothers who have just given birth.
Epps-Addison, who was pregnant while attending law school, gave birth to her child while receiving a scholarship.
With a husband and a child who were relying on the medical care provided by the scholarship, the labour leader was able to take a maternity leave of only two weeks, then returned to work.
Lisa Mosko, a fashion designer and mother of two, says that fewer and fewer women will abandon their profession if they receive more social support, in the form of daycare services from companies, maintaining agreed programmes and accepting that effective work does not mean staying behind schedule.
At the top of logistical constraints, Mosko says, is the additional pressure to be active in an area where being a mother is sometimes synonymous with the epitome of tastelessness ("motherhood" is one of the most serious insults).
"Imagine is part of our job -- it raises you or draws you down," she explains.
Mosko's "permanent negotiation" for her multiple roles to function in harmony means maintaining her slick aspect and a beautiful jacket in her hand, from which, however, sometimes a two-to-one toy falls.
If it remembers that men are fathers too, society could allow women to do more.
People do not judge men as not being good fathers to the extent that they judge women as mothers.
Shola Olatoye, president and executive director of the New York Housing Authority, which houses more than 400,000 New Yorkers and employs more than 11,000 people, says maternity and career do not mean talking about "equality".
The notion of balance is a little inappropriate.
It's more like a balancing act," she says.
A mother of three children, one of whom is only three months old, she has just taken seven weeks' maternity leave after giving birth this year.
"It was a very important period for the agency," she explains.
She knew that seven weeks would not be enough, but her husband managed to take paternity leave, and she managed to have a flexible schedule, which meant leaving early or late, so that she could breastfeed her child.
Olatoye, who chooses with her friends every morning that ends at 06:00 (cheaper than therapy), is still breastfeeding.
At the service, he sought to create a "parent-friendly" environment where delays due to a child are allowed, and the response to e-mails should not necessarily be sent from the office.
"The concept and notion of family has changed and is changing very much," Olatoye says.
"The family is very different from what it was 25 or even 10 years ago."
It is the workplace that has to adapt.
Russian poets say they fooled Elton John over Putin's phone
For cynics, it seemed too nice to be true: a phone call from Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, to Sir Elton John, a singer and activist for the rights of sexual minorities, to talk about homosexual rights.
Unfortunately for John, it was not true: despite an exuberant post on Instagram thanking the Russian leader for addressing the issue, it immediately became clear that, whoever would have called him Monday evening, he was certainly not Putin.
The Kremlin had already declared that it was unaware of that conversation.
And on Wednesday, two famous Russian mourners admitted that they, not the President, were foreign voices at the other end of the conversation.
"We thought it was unlikely that Putin would want to meet with him or listen to him, or at least not too soon," says Vladimir "Vovan" Krasnov, who imitated Putin, while his colleague, Alexei "Lexus" Stoliarov, became president's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov.
"But it seems that Elton John was actually waiting for this phone, so he immediately thought it was really a conversation with the people as we were giving it," he told the Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper.
He said, "Thank you, it was the surprise of the day."
This day and this conversation have been the most wonderful and delightful in my life.
In order to resolve John's appalling situation, the two announced they would publish a recording of the conversation on a popular Russian night show.
John's representatives did not make statements on farce speculation.
The story is based on comments the singer made on the weekend, criticising Putin for his "ridiculous" attitude towards homosexuals while campaigning for LGBT rights in Kiev, particularly criticising a 2013 Russian law banning the spread of "propaganda for non-traditional sexual relations" among minors.
"I would like to meet [Putin], have a chat," John told the BBC, saying that although the idea was "probably unrealistic", it was worth a try.
Then, late Monday, the singer sparked distrust among observers when he posted a message on a social network, saying Putin responded to his criticism by taking the phone and sending it.
He said "I look forward to meeting [the president] face to face to discuss LGBT equality in Russia."
Unfortunately for John, it was not Putin at the other end of the line, but Stoliarov and Krasnov, known for making jokes about phone calls to many Russian and Ukrainian celebrities and politicians.
Stoliarov, who speaks English well, played Peskov and claimed to be the interpreter of the two.
When asked about the possibility of a conversation, the real Peskov told reporters Tuesday that Putin would be "prepared to meet Elton John and answer all his questions", but that no such request had been received from the singer in the Kremlin.
The Kremlin had reason to question the authenticity of the Instagram post, he added, "particularly because it is not entirely written in correct English".
We do not believe that Sir Elton John would have written with the same grammar mistakes.
Even before the Russian duo declared their farce publicly, local media already suspected John had been the victim of a joke.
Some online users had identified Krasnov as the culprit, who is known for his phone calls to politicians and posts them on his YouTube channel as Vovan222.
Smiley phone calls to public figures, then the publication of recordings have become a real phenomenon in Russia in recent years.
Stoliarov, who is considered by many to be the founding father of the gender, has developed his talent to make jokes about Ukrainian politicians.
He was interviewed by phone on Ukrainian television imitating Anton Gerashchenko, the direct adviser to Interior Minister Arsen Avakov.
He imitated Gerashchenko so well that last year he spoke to the former governor of Dnipropetrovsk, Ihor Kolomoiski, for more than six hours over several days.
Krasnov became known after the 2011 parliamentary elections, which led to massive street protests following reports of massive fraud.
Being Arkadi Dvorkovich, then-President Dmitry Medvedev's adviser, convinced the chairman of the election committee, Vladimir Churov, that Medvedev was going to fire him.
In addition to numerous Russian celebrities, his victims included former USSR President Mikhail Gorbachev, Kiev Mayor and boxing champion Vitali Klitschko and Russian Sports Minister Vitali Mutko, whom he tricked into apologising for the drinking behaviour of his athletes.
Last year, Krasnov would have called Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko as the son of the outgoing Ukrainian leader Viktor Yanukovych.
It was so convincing that the person at the other end, whose voice resembles Lukashenko's, offered him asylum.
John's initial assertion that he would like to talk to Putin caused a huge reaction in Russia.
Lawmaker Vitali Milonov of St. Petersburg, who contributed to the "propaganda" law, told The Guardian that John should not bother Putin with a "so irrelevant subject" and that he was ready to meet with the singer to explain Russia's position.
Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper opened an online reader survey, in which 39% of respondents thought Putin and John should meet, and 22% thought such a meeting would damage Putin's reputation.
New study shows more people die from air pollution than from malaria and HIV/AIDS
According to a new reference study, more than 3 million people a year die prematurely from outdoor air pollution, more than from malaria and HIV/AIDS combined.
The main cause, particularly in Asia, is burned timber and coal for heating homes and cooking, but research reveals that an equally alarming cause is agricultural emissions in Europe and the US, where they are the main cause of these deaths.
The report warns that, if no action is taken, the number of deaths - already equivalent to six deaths per minute - will double by 2050.
"These projects should be a wake-up call for public health agencies around the world," said Professor Michael Jerrett, an environmental health expert at the University of California, who has not been involved in research.
Most of the deaths caused by air flooding are caused by tiny particles, which can be inhaled deep into the lungs.
They cause heart attacks and strokes, which are responsible for three quarters of the 3.3 million deaths each year, while the rest are caused by lung cancer and respiratory diseases.
The research did not include the effects of indoor air pollution, for example from cooking fires, which are estimated to cause another 3.4 million deaths a year.
The new study, published in the newspaper Nature, is the first to highlight various sources of outdoor air pollution and estimate the number of premature deaths caused by them, taking into account road traffic, fossil fuel plants and other sources.
Researchers have used a detailed computerised model of the global atmosphere to assess the impact of air pollution on various populations, including new information on how pollution affects the inhabitants of China and India.
A third of all premature deaths were the result of the use of smoke-absorbing fuels, such as wood and coal, for heating homes or cooking, and the use of dirty diesel generators for electricity, all of which are recognised hazards.
Consumption of this type of internal energy causes half of India's 645,000 annual deaths and a third of China's 1.4 million annual deaths.
But the research found that agricultural ammonia emissions had a "remarkable impact", according to Professor Jos Lelieveld of the Max Planck Chemical Institute in Germany, who led the research.
One fifth of the deaths worldwide are caused by these emissions, which come mainly from cattle, poultry and pigs and excessive use of fertilisers.
Ammonia reacts with exhaust gases from traffic and industry and produces tiny particles, which is the main cause of death due to air pollution in the eastern US, Japan and Europe.
"For London, agriculture is the main source," Lelieveld says.
In the UK as a whole, 48% of premature deaths were the result of agricultural pollution.
Traffic pollution is still an important factor in developed countries, causing one fifth of deaths, despite measures against polluting vehicles.
This has caused only 5% of deaths worldwide, but the figure could rise as more cars appear on the streets in developing countries.
Air pollution by power stations, particularly those that operate on coal, has been significant globally, causing one in seven deaths.
In the US, it is the main single factor, causing a third of the 55 000 deaths annually, compared to 16% in the United Kingdom.
Natural air pollution, particularly in hot and dusty regions, has caused almost a fifth of the deaths worldwide caused by air pollution.
This source is a major factor in some arid countries, accounting for 92% of the deaths in Egypt and 81% in Iran.
"The gap between high levels of pollution and the large number of inhabitants speaks volumes about public health, but nothing is known about the sources of pollution responsible for premature deaths," Jerrett says.
The results are surprising and potentially important for protecting public health globally.
It is now assumed that all particles are equally toxic.
However, if what is caused by the burning of fuels is more toxic, as some scientists suspect, the percentage of premature deaths attributable to agricultural emissions would be lower.
Even so, Jerrett says, "the discovery is very valuable... because agriculture has not been generally seen as a major source of air pollution or premature death and because it suggests that much more attention should be paid to agricultural sources, both from scientists and policy makers."
Dr Oliver Wild, an atmospheric specialist at the University of Lancaster in the United Kingdom, said, "The study even highlights the need for air quality control to avoid these deaths, especially in highly populated areas of Asia."
Victor Ponta's statement exacerbates tensions with Hungary
Budapest urges Ponta to stop lying, Romanian prime minister prays for attitudes reminiscent of Nazism
Relations with Hungary, already tense following the announcement of the construction of a fence at the Romanian border, following that of the Serbian border, have further deteriorated following statements by Prime Minister Victor Ponta, who accused Budapest authorities Monday of treating refugees "with batter and bullet".
Hungarian diplomacy reacted harshly by talking about "extremist and lying" claims, but Victor Ponta did not go any further and accused government officials in the neighbouring country of being "a Russian" for Europe.
It is not the first time that Ponta has tried to strain Romanian-Hungarian relations by making statements at sensitive or electoral times.
It all began with Victor Ponta's statement Monday, in which he tried to argue that Romania cannot receive more than 1,800 refugees.
You have a problem with our logistical capacity to treat these people as your own people, not as our Hungarian neighbours treat them with bats and bullets.
I disagree with that.
Mr Basescu has taken the lead in a saved and terrible feeling that exists in all societies, namely a xenophobic feeling.
It is very good to have a debate, but it is up to us to solve the problem.
"We will treat those people as we do," Adevarul quoted Victor Ponta as saying Monday.
It is not clear what Victor Ponta referred to when he talked about the inclusion of refugees, but the Czech Republic was recently at the centre of criticism after writing numbers on the hands of migrants on several trains, in a gesture that recalled the procedure used by the Nazis to identify Jewish prisoners in concentration camps.
Peter Szijjarto, according to Hungarian news agency MTI, quoted by Magyaridok.hu, said that the likely domestic political crises that have shaken Victor Ponta's stance are making him make "extremist and lying" statements.
The Romanian businessman in Budapest was summoned to give explanations, Mediafax reported, citing MTI.
"Mr Victor Ponta recently made inadequate statements about how Hungary manages the immigrant crisis," the Hungarian Foreign Ministry says.
Levente Magyar, state secretary for foreign trade and foreign affairs in the Hungarian EEA, expressed "surprise" over "Victor Ponta's constant attempts to save his controversial moral position through anti-Hungarian lies," Budapest diplomacy stressed.
"I do not want to address the challenges coming from some Hungarian government representatives - but read the report below and you will understand the indignation I feel, as a European man and citizen, towards the mentalities and attitudes that Europe only saw in the 1930s and 1940s!!!" Ponta wrote on his Facebook account.
He argues that, like other European policies, it has a 'duty' to draw attention and sanction 'the constant behaviour of top government officials in Hungary' who are 'a Russian for the culture and values of the European Union' through 'anti-Semitism', 'the treatment of minorities of all kinds, and now in the refugee crisis!'
"Armed guns, aggressive laws, prisons and brutality will certainly not solve the problem - they will only show that in Hungary, at the heart of Europe, there are political decision makers who are no better than those in Syria, Libya or other countries from which the refugees flee!" Ponta accused, saying he believes in "solidarity, in rational and sustainable solutions, and above all in the superiority of European values", and that "what we see in Hungary in recent days is in complete contradiction with precisely these objectives and values!"
During the series, Ponta was invited to Antenna 3, where Hungary was the main topic.
If Mihai Gadea called Viktor Orban the black sheep of Europe a dictator, Ponta asked what would happen if Hungarian soldiers went in and killed or killed your children or women, in a speech in which he made several references to Nazism.
In the dispute, UDMR President Kelemen Hunor also intervened, arguing that Roma authorities should not have a "sentimental approach" to Hungary's intention to build a border fence.
The UDMR leader said it should be understood that this solution is not directed against Romania or Romanian citizens, saying the fence could even help our country not become an intensively transited route for migrants wishing to reach Schengen, according to Agerpres.
First of all, I want to emphasise, to say, that we should not be hysterical, that we should not take this whole issue as something against Romania and that it should not be used to worsen the not-so-good relations between the two governments anyway, because that is not the case.
I believe that any sentimental, visceral approach is not right.
"We have to see the rational part, see why we have come here, and we have to appreciate and say this, that it is not against us, it is not against Romania, the Romanian citizens, and it does not prevent the free movement between the two states within the EU," Kelemen Hunor said.
West ignores Russia's offer in 2012 to remove Bashar al-Assad from Syria's leadership
Russia proposed joining Syrian President Bashar al-Assad more than three years ago as part of a peace agreement, according to a senior official then involved in closed-door negotiations between Western countries and the Russian Federation, The Guardian writes.
Former Finnish President and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Martti Ahtisaari said Western powers had not taken advantage of the proposal at the time.
Since 2012, tens of thousands of people have died and millions more have had to flee the country, giving rise to the worst refugee crisis since the end of the Second World War.
Ahtisaari held talks with representatives of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council (US, United Kingdom, France, Russian Federation, and China) in February 2012.
He also said that during the talks, Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin offered a plan that included, among other things, a proposal to Assad to step down at some point after the start of peace talks between the regime and the opposition.
He proposed three things:
One - we must not arm the opposition.
Two - we must start a dialogue between Assad and the opposition immediately.
"Three -- we must seek an elegant way for Assad to withdraw," Ahtisaari said, referring to the Russian ambassador's position.
However, as Ahtisaari has said, the United States, Britain and France were so convinced that the Syrian dictator was going to die that they ignored the Russian ambassador's proposal.
"It was a missed opportunity in 2012," the former Finnish president continued.
Officially, Russia has stood firm with Bashar al-Assad over the four-and-a-half years of war, insisting that his accession cannot be a proposal in any peace agreement.
Assad believes Russia will never abandon him.
Moscow has recently begun sending troops, tanks and military aircraft to Syria in an effort to stabilise the Assad regime and to confront the extremists of the Islamic State.
Antenna 3's live internet programme to be available at no cost
Antenna 3 informed its viewers on Tuesday that, as of 1 November, the programme or live broadcast will be available on-line for a monthly subscription.
In a "script to viewers", Intact news agency said "we are doing this with the heart of strangers, wanting you to stay with us in this new stage, imposed by the application conditions".
According to the same message, the subscription will be 1 euros per month "for those of you who follow us online", with television promising that viewing will be of very good quality.
Antenna 3 argues that "all of these live broadcasts from home and abroad, campaigns, daily news were and are possible through a constant, committed financial effort, which involved a constant networking and focus on quality".
We managed to support ourselves on our own, with offline and online distributors contributing nothing to the continuity offered.
The year comes under conditions where news television programmes are accessible on subscription and on the online platform Antena Play, where, incidentally, the most frequent exclusive access was also given to the registrations of broadcasts from Antene.
Reports show stocks of marine animals and plants halved over the last 40 years
The scale of the crisis facing marine animals and plants is detailed in a study which states that marine species worldwide, including those essential to the safety of human food, are in a potentially catastrophic decline.
Unprecedented pressures in several directions at the global ocean ecosystem level combine and create a lot of difficulties for almost all marine life, the WWF's "Blue Planet of Life" report says.
Coral reefs are at serious risk of decline (WWF) Some marine habitats, such as mangroves and sea ice, on which many other species depend, have seen a significant decline, while entire populations of commercially valuable fish, such as mackerel and tuna, have fallen tremendously by three quarters since the 1970s, the report says.
Many coral reefs, usually described as tropical forests of the oceans due to their huge biodiversity, could be threatened with extinction by mid-century if the acidity of the ocean continues to worsen as a result of increased CO2 levels in the atmosphere, causing a direct proportional increase in the level of carbon dioxide in the sea.
"Healthy seas are a source of extraordinary natural beauty and wonder, and they are also a basis for the functioning of the global economy," said Louise Heaps, WWF-UK's chief marine policy adviser, who helped draft the report.
"With overfishing, which is damaging coastal habitats, and without solving the problem of global warming, we are signalling the signs of an ecological economic disaster," says Dr Heaps.
The report, based on a review of published scientific literature, but also on the Living Planet Index, a database maintained by the London Zoological Society, is one of the most detailed studies on marine life ever undertaken.
Nearly 20% of all mangrove areas disappeared between 1980 and 2005 (WWF) It investigated a wide variety of marine species, from fish, seaweed and sea cucumbers - an animal resembling a wolf, with sharp skin - to marine plants such as mangroves and algae.
The report found that algae areas decreased by around 30% over the last century, while the total mangrove areas decreased by 20% between 1980 and 2005, mainly as a result of shrimp fishing and other forms of aquaculture.
Over a single generation, human activity has caused huge damage to the ocean, trapping fish faster than they can reproduce and also destroying their banks.
Deep changes are needed to ensure abundant ocean life for future generations," said Marco Lambertini, director general of WWF International.
Some of the most dramatic declines occurred in species fished for commercial profits.
For example, 58 populations of 17 species belonging to the Scrombidae family - mackerel, tuna and sardines - fell by 74% between 1970 and 2010 without showing signs of recovery, the report says.
We are in a fishing race that could end up depriving people of a vital source of food and an essential economic engine.
Excessive fishing, the destruction of marine habitats and climate change have serious consequences for the entire human population, and the poor communities, which rely on the sea, will be hit the fastest and strongest," Lambertini said.
"The collapse of ocean ecosystems could trigger a serious economic decline and undermine our fight to eradicate poverty and undernutrition," he continued.
Professor Ken Norris, Scientific Director of the ZL, said, "These alarming figures prove how quickly people are changing plants and animals in the oceans and are a clear warning about the problems we might face as a result."
Seashore: extensive undersea "stones" that capture mineral-rich sediments and stabilise the seabed.
Over the last century, the roof area has decreased by 30%.
Mangrove: their existence is known in 123 countries, almost half of the total area representing only five countries.
Nearly 20% of all mangrove areas disappeared between 1980 and 2005, mainly due to human invasion.
Coral reefs: some of the richest and biologically most productive habitats on earth.
A quarter of all marine species live in or near coral reefs, but three quarters of them are currently threatened and many may disappear over the course of this century if the acidity of the ocean continues to get worse.
Deep-sea habitats: very little is known about the deeper areas of the ocean, but the decline in the amount of fish caught in these inaccessible locations over the last 40 years suggests that they too are affected by global marine change.
Steven Gerrard denies allegations of racism by former Liverpool co-league El-Hadji Diouf
In a passage from his working autobiography "My Story", serialised by the Daily Mail, Gerrard criticises the Senegalese player by saying he "is not really interested in football" and that he is the colleague he "loved least" during his 17 years at the club.
In response, Diouf would have responded to Gerrard on Senegalese Radio Groupe Futurs Medias with quotes attributed to the attacker, who would have said "He never liked black people".
Gerrard's lawyers have denied any allegations of racism against him.
In his most recent book, Gerrard, who had previously made his bad opinion of Diouf public, criticised the attitude and professionalism of his former colleague.
"I don't want to waste my time thinking about El Hadji Diouf, but I have to mention his frustrated Liverpool sessions as an example of how things can go backwards," he writes.
"It seems to me that Diouf is not really interested in football and that he doesn't care at all about Liverpool," he continued.
For example, the way in which he washed a huge and elderly fleece in a Celtic fan at a Uefa Cup match in Parkhead in March 2003 is proof of his disgraceful and rancorous behaviour.
Diouf proved a controversial figure throughout his time at Anfield, with his most famous night at Celtic Park.
The Senegalese forward was questioned by police after the beating and fined the equivalent of his two-week salary at the club, with a 60,000 donation to a humanitarian organisation following Celtic's election.
In his previous autobiography, published in 2007, Gerrard describes Diouf as lazy and selfish.
"His attitude was completely wrong," Gerrard wrote then.
I felt that he was not exactly willing to make every effort to help Liverpool return to the top.
Diouf, who now plays for Malaysian club Sabah, also publicly criticised Gerrard and attacked Gerrard's old friend and co-coach, Jamie Carragher.
In 2012, Diouf called Gerrard "egoist" and claimed that no one on Anfield liked the player who led the team to victory in the 2005 Champions League.
Diouf is also quoted as saying Gerrard is "gelos".
He said, "Gerrard is simply jealous of me.
It has not achieved the results that I had in football.
When I came to Liverpool, I came with the headship, and he lives there.
I am respected in the football world, the greatest football experts placed me among the first seven players at the World Championship and among the first 100 players of the century.
Many big players do not have a sense of belonging.
Wherever I go in other countries, I am venerated, while Gerrard is scolded every time he leaves his hometown of Liverpool.
From hero to professional dancer: Alek Skarlatos's fast road to "Dancing With the Stars"
This season in "Dancing With the Stars", Alek Skarlatos does not just play the hero in uniform.
He is also a young, attractive and athletic, as well as discreet and modern, the producers say.
"There are many categories and we always look for the most popular of the moment," said Deena Katz, executive co-producer of the ABC show.
I am sure he will find her ready after that.
It is conclusive.
It has something special.
Before competing in the famous show - but only a few weeks before - Skarlatos reached the international press after taking a stance in the face of a great danger.
He and his two childhood friends, Spencer Stone and Anthony Sadler, immobilised a man armed with an AK-47 in a train full of passengers travelling from Amsterdam to Paris.
The three stopped what could have been a mass murder by a possible terrorist.
Afterwards, Skarlatos, 22, a pensioner in the National Army, who grew up near Sacramento, received a phone call from President Obama, a Twitter message from Donald Trump and a dinner with Arnold Schwarzenegger, and was decorated by the US Army and the French Government.
Although he could have expected some local applause -- a parade of the young man was held in Sacramento on Friday -- he did not expect such positive reactions or an invitation to participate in "Dancing With the Stars".
"I would never have thought I would get this offer in a million years," Skarlatos said Saturday, a break from dance rehearsals with his partner Lindsay Arnold.
Everything seems new and crazy to me.
Even though he admitted before Monday night's show that he was "lightly emotional", he did well as a professional on his first foxtrot, scoring points that brought him almost to the top of the competition.
Carrie Ann Inaba, Bruno Tonioli and Julianne Hough, who formed the jury, said she offered one of the best performances in the series.
Katz and "DWTS" executive producer Rob Wade said they wanted to keep a free spot in the show for invited competitors on the last hundred metres, such as Skarlatos, who grew up in the public eye.
In this case, Katz heard about the three American friends on vacation, who detonated a gun attack on a train with 500 passengers, and immediately thought of inviting one of them to the dance competition.
He searched social media, found family members and sent messages to Skarlatos.
When he appeared on "Good Morning America" to tell the incident in which Stone and other passengers were injured, Katz worked with ABC's sister show to avoid passing through all the media barriers.
He backed his "five-minute plea", then looked forward to finding out if Skarlatos would agree to participate in the "DWTS".
"At one time everything was very uncertain, because this is so different from what he does," Katz confessed.
A short time ago, we fought in Afghanistan, and now we asked him if he was a dancer.
Skarlatos, who is on short leave from the National Guard, had not even seen a full performance until recently.
Ezita wanted to participate, mainly because he did not want to be the only one to be highlighted.
The issue could not invite all three friends.
But the producers had an axis in their hands: Noah Galloway, a war veteran with amputated arm and leg.
They encouraged Skarlatos to listen to Galloway, fans' favourite competitor and last season's finalist, and ask him about his experience.
Probably that was the critical point, along with Katz's "relentless pursuit" and "insisting messages", she said.
"Noah is a wonderful guy and I wanted to know how the army will be conducted and how the image of my friends will be protected," Skarlatos said.
He told me that I should go.
So, after that conversation, we accepted.
Skarlatos, a great lover of sport and history, had never danced before, and Arnold testified in interviews that he was trying to make him relax and give up his rather rigid military stance.
But Katz says she is confident that she will adapt and that the spectators will react positively.
He will get a lot of love from the start, because people are proud of him and what he has done.
"How can you not raise it?" Katz said.
But that will only take a few weeks.
To go further, he has to dance.
Skarlatos, who is a Bulgarian and wants to become a policeman, says that he has so far been having fun in this completely unknown environment.
The programme was the toughest fight, having to travel frequently to Los Angeles between the time he was praised in the media and various premiere ceremonies.
He said that at the end of August, when he returned to the US immediately after the train incident, he only wanted to relax with his family.
"It took about a day and a half," he said.
In total, I stayed at home for four days.
There is a risk of catching a person who attracts media attention, but it is not usual to be in the light of mirrors, executive producer Wade said.
And the show wants to make sure that the competitor does well and is doing well.
"The pressure is high and we want participants to have a pleasant experience," Wade said.
"We don't want Alek to ever say, 'Hey, what did I do?'
Let us keep our fingers crossed.
McRib at McDonald's is back.
The time has come for those who wait year after year for the pork sandwich in the form of mini-coasts to enjoy.
But is it harder to find this year?
CNBC reports that only 55% of the country's McDonald's franchises offer this seasonal specialty.
Last year, 75% of restaurants served McRib sandwiches.
"About 8,000 restaurants are participating in the 2015 McRib promotion," McDonald's spokeswoman Lisa McComb told The Times in an e-mail.
There are just over 14 300 restaurants of this fast-food in the US.
But, according to McComb, the individual owners of the franchise decide whether or not to serve McRib.
"Participation is not significantly different from last year," McComb says.
Owners/operators are free to offer the menu they think their local customers want.
And if you are still wondering what a McRib is, McDonald's tried to explain its ingredients last year, with a video to show the reality.
According to the video, the McRib sandwich is made from pork, water, dexterity and preservatives.
Sandwiches will be available until the end of the year at the participating McDonald's restaurants.
There is also a website with locations where McRib (not affiliated with McDonald's) serves, which may be useful.
People can report on the website if they discover restaurants with McRib and can look for the nearest place where this sandwich is served.
But a quick search on the site shows that the nearest restaurant to McRib in Los Angeles is in Sebastopol, Sonoma County, discovered last Saturday by Aidan Briggsonian.
Sometimes I simply cannot fight the BBQ chicken pizza.
Keith Richards Understands New Rolling Stones Records Will Be Prepared
Keith Richards is back in the limelight with a new solo album and a documentary appearance, but soon the other members of the Rolling Stones may join him in the studio.
Richards announced that he and the other Stones -- Mick Jagger, Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood -- recently met in London and made "clear recording plans", he said.
On Tuesday evening, Richards spoke to reporter Jim Kerr on the iHeartRadio ICONS series.
A possible new Stones album would be the band's first LP after "A Bigger Bang" in 2005.
But the band has not been inactive at all.
In recent years, they have had many stage tours and performed in several small concerts in L.A., including performances at the Echoplex and Fonda Theatre.
In the latter, they reinterpreted the classic 1971 LP, "Sticky Fingers".
Richards in particular was busy this year working on "Keith Richards: Under the Influence", which is scheduled to be released on Netflix on September 18th.
This year, he also released his solo album "Crosseyed Heart", his third solo in a five-decade career.
Randy Lewis of The Times described Richards' new album in an earlier interview with the guitarist: "As always, Richards' harsh voice is a kind instrument rather than a distinguished one..."
But Richards is stirring emotion in all 15 songs on the album, and that has always meant, in fact, rock 'n' roll.
In an interview, Richards says the band will most likely enter the studio after their South American tour early next year.
He has not given more details, but judging by the latest concerts, the band is still very lively.
Toronto Film Festival: Jason Bateman on childhood, maturity and "The Family Fang"
Jason Bateman has already undergone some difficult transitions in his career, with a discreet joke that has made them look much simpler than they really were.
Once a child actor on television shows such as "Silver Spoons", he reaffirmed as an adult in the role of an unspeakable character on the television series "Crisis Situation" and in movies such as "Sleeves of Night".
The first film he worked on as a director was the very acid comedy "Bad Words", in which he also played.
The film was nominated for the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
Bateman returned to Toronto this week with "The Family Fang," the second film he directed, a tonally ambitious adaptation of Kevin Wilson's 2011 popular novel, written by Pulitzer Prize-winning David Lindsay-Abaire, and starring Nicole Kidman and Bateman as troubled brothers.
The film is about a festival seeking US distribution.
Many reviews of the book regarded it as a comedy with strong emotional tensions; the film reinterprets the story, placing more emphasis on its dramatic, darker side.
In an interview with our publication on Tuesday, Bateman says he has always considered the book more of a drama than a comedy.
"I never saw the book like that," he confessed.
In the book, the subject and the themes are very dramatic and very human.
I thought Kevin addressed a very sensitive subject in a very funny way.
So that has always been the order in which we have seen things, a drama with moments of frivolity and comedy and eccentricity.
Monday night's world premiere was introduced by festival programme director Kerri Craddock, who expressed particular enthusiasm for Bateman's late 1980s and early 1990s sitcom "The Hogan Family". "We haven't met too many Hogan Family fans," Bateman said dryly as he stepped onto the stage.
However, the few episodes he directed in that sitcom brought Bateman, now 46, to the Directors Guild at the age of 18.
The story of his new film centers on a family named Fang.
The parents, Caleb and Camille (Christopher Walken and Maryann Plunkett), are medium-sized artists best known for using their children, Annie and Baxter, in their performances, for example, by making a bank robbery out of acacia or playing the role of very weak street musicians.
At maturity, Annie (Kidman) and Baxter (Bateman) try to find their own identity.
Annie is a somewhat famous actress, although she is known for public scandals rather than for her performance, and Baxter is a novelist and magazine journalist who is trying to become famous.
When Caleb and Camille disappear in mysterious surroundings, Annie and Baxter suspect that this is just another trick of theirs and try to discover the truth about their parents and find new truths about themselves.
I do not think it is difficult to see what part of the story of children's actors who want to develop into adults was reflected directly and profoundly in Bateman.
"My childhood was very atypical," Bateman confesses.
I started acting when I was 10 years old, with my parents as managers, and this film has many elements that overlap with the way I grew up.
So I could not see the story as superficial and entertaining.
"It's a story I feel connected to and understand in depth," he added, "and although I didn't try to add my own personal experience to it, I knew very clearly what this film should look like to represent children with unconventional childhood."
The project began with Kidman, who is also the film producer, who obtained the rights for Wilson's book.
After Wilson refused to write the adaptation himself, Lindsay-Abaire was co-authored, who adapted her own play "Treatment to Reality", in which Kidman played.
Bateman confesses that he accepted the chance to direct and play in the film.
(Kidman, currently on stage in London for "Photograph 51", did not attend Monday's premiere.
The content of the book was in public.)
In the Hollywood Reporter, David Rooney called Bateman's film "a clever and noisy adaptation" that "hits the clutches of the over-exploited gene of the dysfunctional family and depicts the sometimes lifelong mission of children to understand their parents in ways that can be fun and sweet, incisive and usually very dark".
In Variety, Justin Chang called the film "a very tough portrait" and noted Bateman "proves visible progress and greater maturity as a film director with this intelligent, structured, but never too sharp or mechanical adaptation".
Following Monday's screening, when Bateman and Walken came onto the stage for the question session, the crowd cheered the lover-in-law, Walken, for a long time.
About Bateman as a director and actor, Walken said during the question session, "I was impressed every day.
I could not believe the ease with which the film director's job, which is very difficult, and the actor's job on stage, are being changed between them.
Its concentration is indeed astonishing.
In a certain dialogue scene, Bateman is standing on a scale in the family home behind the frame, hidden in the dark, only a profile shadow, while Kidman is closer to the room and sees himself more clearly.
It is not difficult to imagine the Bateman actor talking to the Bateman director about the fact that he cannot be seen.
"I find it incredibly interesting to direct films," Bateman said.
All my decisions come from this, I never make them to benefit myself as an actor.
Having the privilege of being responsible for creating the whole experience for the public, not just one instrument in that orchestra, to be an actor, is a complete thing.
It goes without saying that that... actor wants a front row seat.
During the question and answer session, Bateman confessed that, after reading the script, he immediately thought of Walken for Caleb's role, but also of composer Carter Burwell for the sound column.
Known mainly for his long friendship with the Coen brothers, Burwell also composed the soundtrack for two other films presented at the Toronto festival: the animated film "Anomalisa" -- a tale of love and isolation directed by Charlie Kaufman and Duke Johnson -- and "The Legendary Gangsters", Brian Helgeland's performance of the 1960s English gangsters Ronnie and Reggie Kray.
Burwell also composed the soundtrack for Todd Haynes' movie "Carol".
"Working with long or short tones seems very interesting to me," Bateman said, giving more explanations Tuesday.
Navigate through those tones and guide the harmonious and somehow elegant audience from one tone to the next during the film.
Carter has built his career and an incredible reputation as a person who can navigate among the most complicated tunas.
With "The Family Fang", Bateman took another bold step, both as director and actor, in a career dominated by reinventing and determination, a mixture of comedy and drama, light and darkness.
As Bateman testified when he finished his introduction to the film at Monday's world premiere, "Good, bad, it came out exactly as we wanted."
Oscar-happy festival on story of Boston Globe investigation into paedophile priests
Did you win USD 240 000 in the lottery?
A ticket to X-LOTTO worth more than $240,000 has been unrefunded for a month.
The unregistered X-Lotto ticket was purchased from the Ingle Farm Shopping Centre on Montague Rd on Saturday (August 15th).
Along with the winning ticket sold in South Australia, there were 16 more winning entries across Australia, which shared their estimated $4 million single X-Lotto premiere fund.
SA Lotteries calls on all those who have bought tickets at X-Lotto from Ingle Farm Lotteries Kiosk to check them out as soon as possible.
The winning numbers from Saturday's 15 August X-Lotto 3555 draw are 36, 23, 12, 6, 28 and 26.
The additional numbers are 43 and 27.
Kath Venables, manager of Ingle Farm Lotteries Kiosk, says she is looking forward to receiving the good news that the winner of the grand prize has checked his ticket at X-Lotto.
"We tried hard to spread the news, because one person is our winner and has no idea," she said.
Criminal detectives search house on Beadell Street, Burton, where missing man Daniel Hind was last seen
Hind's sister, Chelsea Hind, said it is frustrating to wait for information about her missing brother, especially as police offered two different versions of his course from the night he was last seen.
Her family had been asking the police to search the house since her brother's disappearance.
"We hoped they would search the house, we were not told they would," she said.
Mrs Hind also says that her family also wanted those who knew what had happened to her brother to speak and tell the truth to the police.
"We just want to find out where Daniel is and what he did that night," she said.
We are four children and we have many other members of the family and half of us believe that she is alive somewhere, and the other half believe that she is not.
Whatever it is, we want it at home and to end the story.
By 2022, Bulgaria will add 635km of highway
By 2022, the Bulgarian government plans to build 635km of new highways and repair 17,000km of existing main and secondary roads.
Completion of works on the Hemus, Struma, Maritsa, Cherno More and Kalotina highways, all part of pan-European transport corridors, are among the priorities in the school infrastructure development plan approved Wednesday.
The plan aims to create a sustainable toll infrastructure in Bulgaria and integrate it into the European transport network, but also to ensure increased safety at tolls and efficient toll management, the government said.
Bulgaria a transit country for cultural goods trafficking in Syria
According to Interior Minister Rumyana Bahvarova, Bulgaria is a transit country for the illegal trafficking of stolen cultural goods from the Middle East, due to its geographical location.
Speaking at a conference Wednesday on the fight against the plundering of Syrian cultural heritage, Bahvarova recalled that Bulgaria's national legislation has been revised to fit the new context, emphasising the banning of cross-border trade in Syria and Iraq.
The Bulgarian Press Agency (BTA) quoted Bahvarova as saying that the efforts of the competent units of the interior ministry, in particular the Directorate General for "Combating Organised Crime" (GDBOP), focused on preventing the smuggling and illegal sale of Bulgarian cultural objects.
He said Bulgaria is a country with a rich history, which recent studies placed third, after Italy and Greece, in the trafficking of cultural objects and goods.
The Bulgarian Interior Minister also pointed out that the trafficking of cultural objects and the destruction of historical sites in areas such as Iraq and Syria are a widespread phenomenon, described as an extremely serious war crime.
It has insisted on the need for concerted and decisive measures to stop the deliberate destruction of history.
UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova noted that footage of illegal archaeological excavations in Syria demonstrates that the country is affected by industrial-scale looting.
Participants in Wednesday's conference recognised that Syria's cultural heritage is in serious danger and that the international community must come together to stop the illegal trafficking of cultural goods in the war-torn country.
Aerojet Rocketdyne says program for new AR-1 engine could be changed
On Tuesday, Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc said it expects to complete the new AR-1 rocket engine by 2019, to replace a Russian engine that will soon be banned, but the date could be changed if it does not receive sufficient funding from the US government.
Vice-President of Aerojet, Julie Van Kleeck, has refused to make statements about the fact that Aerojet has offered USD 2 billion to buy United Launch Alliance (ULA), a joint venture with equal shares for rocket launches of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co.
Analysts say the bid is a strategic move by Aerojet to beat its rival Blue Origin, a company owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos, who is developing a new engine that ULA wants to use for its new Vulcan rocket.
The ULA says that Blue Origin's engine programme is about two years ahead of Aerojet's AR-1 engine, a claim that Aerojet contradicts.
Work on the new engines became a priority after US legislators approved a ban on the use of Russian RD-180 engines for launching US military or spy satellites, following Russia's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region last year.
Van Kleeck says that Aerojet is testing hardware for the engine, which is designed with three-dimensional printed parts to fit both the ULA Atlas 5 rocket, now powered by the RD-180 engine, and the new Vulcan rocket that the ULA is developing and which costs around USD 1 billion.
Aerojet says it will be cheaper and less risky to integrate its engine into the Atlas 5 rocket than to develop a completely new engine and rocket, as the ULA is currently considering.
Van Kleeck says Aerojet planned to start large-scale engine testing in 2017, followed by certification in 2019, but the date could be postponed if the company does not receive sufficient funding from the Air Force in contracts expected at the end of the first half of fiscal 2016, which begins in October.
She also says the company as a whole was eager to see how the Air Force would share around $160m in funding between rival competitors.
He also says Aerojet was considering other private financing options for the engine, but did not provide details.
The competition at the Air Force is a public-private partnership and each of the tenderers must provide a third of the funding, while the Air Force covers two thirds.
Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, and Blue Origin, both private companies, have self-financed their engine creation process and say they do not necessarily seek government funding.
Beer company AB InBev plans $275 billion merger with SABMiller
Anheuser-Busch InBev (ABI.BR), the world's largest beer producer, has approached rival SABMiller (SAB.L) about a takeover that would form a colossal that would produce a third of the world's total amount of beer.
Such a merger would have a market value of around USD 275 billion at current prices and would combine the dominance of AB InBev' in Latin America with SABMiller in Africa, both representing fast-growing markets, but also with their beer factories in Asia.
"The real attraction is Africa, where AB InBev is not present, but also some places in Asia and Latin America," said analyst Andrew Holland of Societe Generale.
AB InBev and other top beer companies are trying to enter new markets and strengthen their weaknesses in North America and Europe, where consumers increasingly prefer beer produced by independent players or wine or spirits.
SABMiller, the world's second-largest company and producer of more than 200 brands of beer, including Peroni, Grolsch and Pilsner Urquell, said on Wednesday that it had been informed of AB InBev's intention to make an offer to it, which must take place by 14 October at the latest, under British law.
AB InBev, controlled by 3G Capital, a private equity fund managed by a group of Brazilian investors, confirmed the approach.
3G, renowned for its policy of reducing costs on the basis of marketing, previously orchestrated the acquisition of Burger King, the ketchup producer Heinz (KHC.O) and Kraft Foods.
A close source of the SAB noted that it is too early to say what it will do, as they have not received any offers.
"At the moment, we are in the waiting and deciding phase," the source said.
Speculations about a merger, which would very likely raise concerns about breaches of competition rules in markets such as the United States and China, have been circulating for several years.
The timing of the approach, after more than a decade of purchases by AB InBev, follows a 15 per cent decline in the price of SABMiller shares since August.
"This is exactly the time they were expecting," Morningstar analyst Phil Gorham said.
Financially, for the first time in many years, it makes sense.
AB InBev will have to pay at least GBP 40 ($62) per action of SAB Miller, perhaps even GBP 45, according to analysts, which would mean a total price of up to USD 130 billion, which would also include the debt of SABMiller.
This would make the most significant M&A transaction of 2015, which is already announcing a record year after the 2008 financial crisis in terms of the amount of the transaction, and one of the largest purchases since 1980.
SAB shares approached 19.9% to GBP 36.14, giving it a stock capitalisation of $90 billion.
AB InBev's actions reached 6.4%.
The rivals Heineken (HEIN.AS), Carlsberg (CARLb.CO) and Diageo (DGE.L) suspect that SAB might be looking for another merger as a defence strategy, as happened last year when it offered to buy Heineken, but failed.
Since then, it has combined its African bottle bottler of cool drinks with that of Coca-Cola (KO.N), and in recent weeks there has been speculation of a combination with Diageo or the Australian drinks company Coca-Cola Amatil (CCL.AX).
AB InBev, Budweiser, Stella Artois and Corona's global beer market share was 21.1% in 2014, while SABMiller was 15%, according to Plato Logic industry experts.
AB InBev intends to double its net debt-to-gross profit (EBITDA) ratio from the current 2.5.
It is possible to achieve the target in 2016, the most realistic date at which the transaction could be concluded, so that it would have the means to borrow to finance a purchase.
When he bought Budweiser's production company, Anheuser-Busch, in 2008 for USD 52 billion, the largest ice money purchase in history at the time. left the report rising to more than five times.
An equally high rise would allow it to accumulate a debt of 100 billion.
The families controlling AB InBev own slightly more than half of the company, while SABMiller's two main shareholders are the Altria (MO.N) cigarette producer and the Santo Domingo family in Colombia.
On Wednesday, Altria refused to make statements that they had been approached by AB InBev, but on September 9th, its financial director Billy Gifford said at an analysis conference that he regularly assesses the investment in SABMiller and that "this time we believe that the retention of assets is in the interests of our shareholders".
The Santo Domingo family could not be contacted immediately for statements.
Neil Dwane, chief European investment officer, fairness, at Allianz Global Investors, which owns shares in both companies, says that AB InBev has faced increasing pressure to return excess cash to shareholders.
ABIs pay a very high price, but the accumulation of income from small debts reaches somewhere around 15%.
But we think the profit from this purchase would be a disappointing 8% after 10 years," Dwane said.
In the case of any combination, there are significant difficulties linked to breaches of competition rules, particularly in the United States, where companies own around 70% of the beer market.
"The economies that could be achieved in distribution operations are large, and the obstacles to breaching competition rules are even greater," said Erik Gordon, a professor at the Ross Business School at Michigan University.
Such a transaction would allow Molson Coors to acquire the 58 per cent of the holding company owned by SABMiller, in accordance with the operating agreement governing it.
A change in control at SABMiller would automatically give Molson the right to obtain an additional 8 per cent and appoint a new executive director of the company.
Molson, based in Denver, would have the right to the first and last bid for the remaining 50 per cent.
A Molson spokesman declined to comment on whether the company is interested in a tender, but Molson shares rose by more than 12 per cent, to their highest value.
Any merger could also have to sell shares in China, where the market leader is the CR Snow participation association of SABMiller with China Resources (0291.HK).
Heineken, Carlsberg or Tsingtao in China could be potential buyers.
Plato estimates that, after the takeovers, the combined group could hold 28% of the global market.
AB InBev is advised by Lazard, and SABMiller is advised by Robey Warshaw, JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley.
Pakistani police accuse former Air Force pilot of helping al Qaeda
Pakistani police arrested a former Air Force pilot who would later donate funds to the Taliban and Al Qaeda, police officers told Reuters Wednesday, in a rare case targeting those helping financial activism.
The suspect, Syed Sheaba Ahmed, was detained in the southern city of Karachi.
He paid for the treatment of injured Taliban militants at a hospital in the eastern city of Lahore, police said.
It also influenced two militants involved in May's attack on a bus with members of the Shiite Muslim minority in Israel, which resulted in 45 deaths, senior police officer Naveed Khawaja of the province's Counter-Terrorism Department told journalists.
He will be accused of financing terrorism, Khawaja said.
"Ahmed has also financed the Afghan Taliban, we are still investigating whether he has provided financial aid through his business or whether someone else is behind him," the officer said.
"Ahmed has also provided financial aid to AQIS," he said, referring to Al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent, a branch of Al Qaeda founded a year ago.
This arrest is a rare success for Pakistani police forces, which are facing activism, corruption and crime.
After Taliban troops massacred around 150 people, mostly children, at an army school in December, the government vowed to crush activism.
There have been harsh attacks, while the army has also moved even further into the illegal tribal regions on the border with Afghanistan.
However, militant groups remain a threat and many have supporters in Pakistani cities that are under the control of very poorly prepared and insufficiently funded police forces.
Ahmed, 52, used to preach at a mosque in the good area of the Karachi Military Housing Authority.
His public preaching was moderate, but in particular, it encouraged radicalism, police said.
He studied at the Pakistan Air Force College in Sargodha and left the Pakistan Air Force in 1998, another security official told Reuters anonymously.
It then entered the industry of paints and chemicals.
Rapper Rick Ross denied copyright for "Everyday I'm hustlin"
New York rapper Rick Ross cannot claim copyright for the words "Everyday I'm hustlin'", a US judge ruled, rejecting his complaint against the LMFAO music group, which sold shirts with a similar version, "Everyday I'm shufflin'".
In a ruling Tuesday by the Miami federal court, District Judge Kathleen Williams said Ross's slogan, prominent part of his 2006 debut hit, "Hustlin'," is a pressured expression for which the courts have repeatedly stated they cannot receive copyrights.
Williams' ruling weakens the copyright infringement case Ross, whose real name is William Leonard Roberts II, filed against the LMFAO in 2013.
Ross claimed that the Los Angeles electropop duo, composed of Stefan Gordy and Skyler Gordy, copied "Hustlin'" for their famous 2010 song, "Party Rock Anthem", which contains the verse "Everyday I'm shufflin'".
The hip hop star said the LMFAO song is "an obvious attempt to capitalise on Hustlin's fame and success".
It also sued Kia Motors for using the song "Party Rock Anthem" in an advertising campaign.
In his complaint, Ross alleged that the LMFAO infringed his copyright by selling shirts and other products with the slogan shufflin'.
In Tuesday's ruling, Williams says "Hustlin'", as a melody, is protected by copyright law.
But Ross's three-word slogan is made up of ordinary words and cannot be copyrighted, she said.
The judge compared it to other famous songs from the past, such as "you got the right one, uh-huh", "holla back" and "we get it poppin'", saying it was "a short expression, which all courts unanimously declared impossible to copyright".
The judge did not rule whether the LMFAO's song is an unauthorised copy of "Hustlin'".
The process is scheduled for October.
Ross's lawyers and the LMFAO could not be contacted immediately for statements.
The case is William L. Roberts, II et al. v. Stefan Kendal Gordy et al., at US District Court Southern District, Florida, No.
Article by Andrew Chung; Edited by Alexia Garamfalvi and Andrew Hay
Dr Carson approaches Trump in Republican presidential poll
According to the most recent presidential poll for 2016, novice politician Ben Carson is approaching bombing leader Donald Trump in the Republican primary.
Carson scored 17 points last month, while Jeb Bush fell seven points in the polls.
Following Trump's 27% support in the latest CBS/New York Times poll, retired neurosurgeon Carson comes in second with 23 per cent, followed by Bush, television star Mike Huckabee, and Florida Senator Marco Rubio, each with 6 per cent.
Support from Republican voters in the early elections increased from early August to early September for Trump, Carson, Ohio Governor John Kasich and former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina.
However, support for the latter two remains on a single figure.
Jeb Bush, the former governor of Florida and the one who is pushing forward the standards of the Bush family, fell seven percentage points in one month, while Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker fell eight points.
In the latest poll, support for Walker stands at 2%.
Carson has attracted more support than Trump among college graduates (29% versus 21%), while Trump is ahead of Carson among voters without a university degree (30% versus 19%).
Trump is supported more by men than by women, while women prefer Rubio more than men.
37% of respondents said they are determined which candidate to support in their state's preliminary elections.
Those who have said that they know who they will vote with support Trump twice as much as Carson.
It is still too early to say for 63% of Republican voters in the preliminary elections.
The results of the CBS/NYT poll conducted between 9 September and 13 September will be made public Tuesday, ahead of a Republican presidential debate.
Carson's ascent in this poll reflects that of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in front of the leader for nominating Democrats to the presidency, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
CBS's latest follow-up to presidential nominations shows that Sanders rose by 10 points and 22 points in Iowa, New Hampshire, respectively, among the Democrats' primary voters.
Leading Ethics Specialist Says Sex Workers Should Be Banned
A prominent ethics specialist in the robotics industry has launched a campaign calling for a ban on the development of sex workers.
Dr Kathleen Richardson, a robotics expert at De Montfort University in Leicester, England, warns that sex workers could contribute to the systematic dehumanisation of women and children.
"Sexual slavery seems to be an increasingly important topic in the robotics industry, and the models they are inspired by -- how they will look, what roles they will play -- are very disturbing," she told the BBC.
Richardson explains that her campaign against sex workers is not one against sex, but against exploitation.
The technology is not neutral.
It is inspired by class, race and gender.
Political power inspires the development of technology," she told the Washington Post.
That is why we can do something about it.
These slaves will contribute to increasing the level of sexual exploitation.
Although the sex slaves that are being manufactured now are still relatively primitive, Richardson is concerned that they represent the first step towards something more sinister.
It is a new and emerging technology, but we need to put it out of the way.
Certainly, the industry seems to be gaining momentum.
A few years ago, True Companion, the manufacturer of inflatable ducks, launched Roxxxy, the "first sexual robot in the world".
However, concern about the possible dangers posed by artificial intelligence is not uncommon, even among the large representatives of industry.
Just this spring, Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk wrote about the "risk of something truly dangerous happening in five years' time.
In an interview with the BBC last December, theoretical physicist and cosmologist Stephen Hawking warned that "the development of complete artificial intelligence could mean the end of the human race".
Britain welcomes first Syrian refugees - RT UK
In the coming days, Britain will receive the first refugees who have fled the Syrian war, Interior Minister Theresa May announced.
They will receive assistance under the government's extensive resettlement programme.
Asylum seekers arrive from camps on the border with the war-torn country.
These are the first of the 20,000 refugees that the UK plans to receive by 2020.
In a speech in the House of Commons, the interior minister said the government is "working quickly" to ensure more arrivals.
In the process of receiving vulnerable refugees in the UK, it is imperative that the assistance and support they need and deserve is already in place.
I know that honourable Members and the general public want to know more about the number of people and when they are expected to arrive.
May noted that the government must make even more plans to ensure that refugees have adequate supplies when they arrive.
I must emphasise that the level of enlargement requires careful and meticulous planning to ensure that everything goes smoothly.
I and the Syrian Refugee Minister, Richard Harrington, will continue to keep the House informed in this regard.
However, I am delighted to say to the House that we expect to welcome the first wave of refugees in the coming days and are working rapidly to plan more arrivals in the coming weeks.
Prime Minister David Cameron drew the wrath of parliamentarians and militants when he unveiled the government's refugee plan, with many saying the figure was too small.
In September, Cameron told the House of Commons that the United Kingdom "will rise to its moral responsibility" and receive 20,000 refugees from the Middle Eastern camps until the next general elections.
He added that refugees will not automatically receive full asylum, but a humanitarian status allowing them to apply for asylum after five years.
But critics have noted that the figures meant only 12 refugees a day, and former Liberal Democrat MP Paddy Ashdown called the measures "deplorable".
Furthermore, Ashdown revealed that children included in this scheme are to be deported when they turn 18 if they do not receive asylum.
Also, prominent public figures have condemned the measures, too.
In a joint letter, big names like Benedict Cumberbatch, Colin Firth, Jamie Oliver and Keira Knightley said the response to the crisis is "too little, too late".
"This is a responsibility that must be shared with our European neighbours, not simply thrown on the shoulders of countries close to the conflicts that keep people away from their homes," they wrote.
Ruble recovers amid global uncertainty - RT Business
The Russian ruble strengthened Wednesday, trading 65.66 against the US dollar and 73.98 against the euro on the Moscow Stock Exchange at 10:00 GMT.
In general, the Russian currency gained seven per cent from its lowest rate of 71 ruble per dollar on August 24th.
Analysts say the ruble's return was due to investors' reaction to the current global market turmoil caused by China's difficulties, the possible increase in the US Federal Reserve's interest rate and the overreaction to cheap oil.
Brent prices rose 61 cents Wednesday to $48.36 per barrel.
West Texas Intermediate (WTI) traded 72 cents more, to $45.31 per barrel.
OTHER TIME: US interest rate likely to rise by end of 2015 - US Fed
"It is possible that volatility will speak for itself, fuelled by uncertainty about China and the timing of the federal interest rate hike, which will continue to set the tone for oil and ruble prices," Piotr Matys of Rabobank, a London-based emerging market monetary policy strategist, told Bloomberg.
Experts also point to another factor that explains the strengthening of the Russian currency.
The major Russian oil companies Lukoil and Rosneft, whose contracts are linked to the US dollar, have begun to buy ruble.
The global markets are eagerly awaiting Thursday's decision by the Federal Reserve on whether or not to raise the interest rate.
Markets believe that what could be the first increase in the US interest rate in nine years will not happen and traded higher rates Wednesday.
NASA, UK work together on drone traffic system
NASA is already working with the US Government and companies such as Google, Amazon and the Verizon telephone company to develop a database that will allow drone pilots to reserve airspace blocks for flights.
Nothing has yet been established at EU level.
The cooperation comes as a result of widespread unrest over the possibility of an air collision between small drones and commercial aircraft.
A new Forrester report describes in vivid colour the potential negative effect.
"Imagine thousands of drones operated by hundreds of companies delivering products or capturing data in high-density urban areas, such as New York City, Chicago or San Francisco," the research notes.
Without a common set of technological protocols and air rules, chaos could arise.
According to Detta O'Cathain, Baroness of the House of Lords, concerns have been exacerbated by reports of incidents at the limit of an accident and of drone operations over football stadiums, near nuclear power plants and the Eiffel Tower.
"Over the past two years, more than 400 calls to metropolitan police have been related to drone incidents," O'Cathain said.
What is the solution: to build a system that will track all drones, especially those flying at an altitude below 150 metres, whether they are operated by commercial or amateur pilots.
"As more and more small drones take commercial flights at lower altitudes beyond the pilot's visibility, or even completely autonomous flights, some air traffic management infrastructure is needed to separate the flights, in order to ensure the safety of complex operations, such as delivering parcels to cities," she said.
According to NASA, this drone traffic management system will include services such as airspace design, methods to avoid adverse weather and wind conditions, congestion management, route planning and redirection using methods similar to the rules established for road traffic, such as traffic lights and benches.
They expect to have a working prototype by 2019.
The drone industry is set to explode in the European Union in the coming years.
"We already see small and innovative SMEs in the UK using this technology with considerable effects in the energy sector, agriculture and media industries," Lord Tariq says.
More than 670 licences for commercial drone operations were granted in the UK alone by the Civil Aviation Authority in 2014.
The European Commission estimates that the drone industry could generate 150 000 jobs in the EU by 2050.
Dislike headline: why Facebook wants to know what upsets you
"A Look Back" works the same way, bringing together the most important moments (on Facebook).
But what will this mean for the many users within Facebook's virtual borders, who are now more than the population of any country?
Firstly, of course, a button of empathy will allow Facebook to understand you better.
Facebook's huge value - around USD 240 billion after the latest statistics - is due to the unimaginable amount of consumer data it has.
Every interaction, post, appreciation and friendship you make are gathered together and build a remarkably complex, permanently updated picture of yourself and your preferences.
This is particularly valuable for advertising agencies, which can use all this information to carefully choose which people to see the announcements on Facebook, selecting those who are most interested in their products.
A button of empathy adds another set of data and certainly opens a door for other types of advertising agents to use the platform.
While a sports company is looking for people who "appreciate" a national football team, charities and promoters want to address those who, for example, "emphasize" the refugee crisis.
It will also probably change what you see on Nouti.
Facebook is using incredibly clever and sophisticated algorithms to narrow that huge universe of content that you could see into the smaller stream that you actually see.
This algorithm essentially depends on what you thought was interesting in the past and, above all, on what you liked.
There is undoubtedly a fear on Facebook that many interesting but unfortunate posts do not enter the algorithm, because people do not feel they should appreciate them.
However, if Facebook understands more about what suppresses you or makes you feel unhappy, it could decide to remove this type of posting from Nouti.
Facebook has carried out experiments in the past to understand how what you see on Nouti affects your emotional state and, in particular, how this is transmitted from one person to another.
Academics call this "emotional contamination" and, although it sounds sinister, it is probably just a simple attempt by Facebook (and published openly, with their consent) to better understand how their platform works and whether they can adjust algorithms to distribute more elements.
What happens to the empathy button remains up to Facebook.
What is truly striking is how a single company's decision to add a single button to its services can produce so much speculation.
The reason for this may be that the decisions taken by Facebook - whether they involve the visible buttons that we see or the invisible algorithms that operate hiddenly - today have profound consequences for us.
Now we spend a significant part of our lives in the digital world, which we access to find everything from love to comfort or a new job.
On the other hand, Facebook is a company and yet another that is constantly fighting for survival in the fierce Darwinian world of technology and social networks.
The decisions it takes, including with regard to new bottles, will be those considered to be the most appropriate to stay on the ground in this race.
I think a lot of people can empathise with that and soon they will also have a button for that.
Biometric alerts can anticipate crises in people with autism
During ten years of research in America, Dr Goodwin and his team have established that body signals can anticipate these changes, sometimes violent, before they occur, thereby giving the assistants the opportunity to take appropriate action.
The children with autism with whom we work cannot tell us what is going on.
I can't say he has a headache or "there's too much noise" or "I don't like that professor."
If we want to understand them, we need to see what their bodies are transmitting to us, and we need to do so in a gentle and non-intrusive way.
For example, simply visualising the colours in an application can show the level of agitation; red can be used to warn about a change in behaviour, and blue for lack of interest, enabling the assistant to understand that the person is bored and needs stimulation.
The data from the snapshots can be collected in time and saved on a secure server, helping carers understand the overall picture of how the person responds to the various situations and what would be the most appropriate intervention.
I have to say very clearly that we are not reading the mind.
Biometric sensors are not magic; they need a man to be interpreted.
He added that his team will work with manufacturers to further develop this technology, to be specific to autism.
The research was appreciated by Jane Carolan, director of customer services at Wirral Autistic Society, who will present the technology at the Autech 2015 conference on autism and technology in Manchester on October 1st.
When you work with people with severe autism, as we do, you see the spectacular difference that assistive technology can make in their quality of life; now, the iPad apps give a voice to people who have never spoken on their own.
Robots help children with autism learn to play hide-and-seek.
"Who knows where this innovation could lead us," she says.
Assistance technologies can really change lives, and we feel that they are part of our mission as a charitable organisation for autism to ensure that everyone has access to this information, and they are also part of the debate on how we want to support people with autism in the future.
France to attack Isis in Syria "in the coming weeks"
In the coming weeks, French warplanes will launch air strikes on the Isis targets in Syria, the government announced Wednesday, just days after President Franois Hollande declared the intervention "necessary".
France will launch its first air strikes on the Islamic State jihadist group in Syria "in the coming weeks", Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Wednesday.
French air forces have been conducting reconnaissance missions in Syria since September 8th, and the attacks will follow "in the coming weeks, as soon as we have clearly identified targets", Le Drian told Radio France Inter.
Le Drian told parliament Tuesday that the Islamic State has made "very significant progress" in Syria, especially in the northern Alep region.
"A very strong offensive is taking place in the seaside town, and if it succeeds, it could destroy what we still call the Free Syrian Army or the Syrian national coalition or what remains of it," he said.
France is part of a US-led coalition, which has been bombing the Isis positions in Iraq for a year, but Hollande changed its strategy last week to expand its actions in Syria, under conditions in which political pressure is accumulating amidst the jihadist threat facing France.
The United States, Canada, Turkey and the Gulf States have already been involved in attacks on the Isis militants in Syria.
iOS 9 Ad Block feature to make phone even faster
The newest version of iOS 9 is released on Wednesday and contains many new features.
One of the most useful for iPhone owners - and worrying for online publishers - is the ability to easily block announcements while browsing the web.
The new feature will allow users to download third-party extensions that block cookies, ads, pop-up windows and other types of advertising while using Apple's mobile version of Safari.
Tests have shown that news sites such as the New York Times load twice as quickly after the ads have been blocked, according to Reuters.
Advertising blocking also helps users to retain their data usage and battery autonomy.
Users will benefit from several advertising blocking options, including 1Blocker, Blockr and Crystal applications.
AdBlock Plus, a popular desktop advertising blocker, has launched its own iOS web browser that limits ads; its creator plans to launch an extension for Safari in the future.
People who use software to block ads encounter some constraints.
Ads are still in apps (where Apple makes money on iOS).
More and more media sites, including Hulu and The Washington Post, are trying to prevent their visitors from using such advertising blocking features.
However, their use on desktop computers increased to nearly 48% in the previous year.
Their development poses great challenges for online media, which is largely provided free of charge to consumers and has been financially supported for many years by advertising.
A report says blocking advertising could cost online publishers nearly 22 billion in advertising revenues this year alone.
To activate advertising blocking in iOS 9, users must download an application to block ads, then access Settings -> Safari -> Content Blockers to activate an extension to block content.
Obama talks about terrorism and immigration crisis with Spain's king
President Barack Obama welcomed King Felipe VI of Spain to the White House on Tuesday, where they discussed various topics, but which were probably reduced to the importance of international cooperation.
Obama and the King addressed the subject of the fight against the Islamic State and the growing crisis of immigrants in Europe - which already faces hundreds of thousands of people who have left their country of origin to go to the West.
"Spain has worked very hard to deal with this problem in the past, with North African immigrants who are often involved in very dangerous travel, and the problem of human trafficking," Obama said.
Of course, the problem has got worse in recent months.
Obama also stressed the importance of cooperation, especially in the context of the Spanish territory of Catalonia voting in the elections to be held this month.
"As far as foreign policy is concerned, we are firmly committed to maintaining relations with a strong and united Spain," Obama said.
The supreme commander also told King Felipe that he would like to visit the country before the end of his term in 2017.
"We welcome you with open arms," Felipe replied.
The First Lady, Michelle Obama, gave the Queen a tour of the White House and they had a discussion at the tea.
It was the royal couple's first visit to the United States since taking the throne.
After leaving Washington, they were to make a visit to South Florida.
Alfre Woodard joins "Luke Cage" crew
Famous actress Alfre Woodard has joined Marvel's upcoming Netflix series Luke Cage as the antagonist of Mike Colter, who plays the superhero who gives the series its title.
Woodard will play the role of Mariah Dillard -- "a local politician in Harlem and the daughter of recently announced Cornell "Cottonmouth" Stokes, played by Mahershala Ali -- who intends to bring an era of change to the streets she has grown up in," a press release said.
Her personal life and professional career are being overtaken by Harlem's newest hero, Luke Cage, but also by the infamous actions of her neck, Cottonmouth.
"Alfre has an incredible, unique and intimidating presence on screen, which makes her perfect for the role of community leader in Harlem," says Jeph Loeb, executive producer and president of Marvel Television.
We are delighted that such a famous and talented actress as Alfre has agreed to join us in this adventure.
The series will premiere in 2016.
Cheo Hodari Coker will write the first two episodes and work as a showrunner and executive producer.
Woodard, 62, is known for TV series Hill Street Blues, St. Elsewhere, L.A. Law, Despairing Wives and The Law Office, as well as for films The Devil's Lawyer, Mysterious Obsession, The Family That Preys, 12 Years of Slavery and Annabelle.
Luke Cage is one of Netflix's four Marvel series.
Jessica Jones and Iron Fist, as well as the second season of Daredevil, will also be aired soon.
"Scream Queens" and "Empire" premiere on same day
Fox expects many positive results ahead of the premieres of two of its most anticipated series: Scream Queens and Empire.
The first season in Queens and the second in Empire will be aired on all Fox International channels one day after the domestic premiere.
As Variety reports, the strategy represents a trend applied to high-profile series, as traffic on global social networks guarantees success.
"Hollywood realises how important it is to value the common voice of sincere international fans, especially for the series that are being talked about a lot, such as Empire and Scream Queens," Fox International Chairman Hernan Lopez said according to Deadline.
"We're just looking forward to broadcasting these very interesting series for fans all over the world," Lopez continued.
The viewers we serve every day bring the success of a series to its premiere and throughout its life cycle.
The next season in Empire, featuring stars such as Mariah Carey and Vivica A. Fox, will premiere in September.
The new Scream Queens series, starring Emma Roberts and Ariana Grande, will be aired the second day in September.
British royal family to attend world premiere of "Spectre"
Prince Harry and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will attend the world premiere of James Bond's latest film, "Spectre", next month in London.
Kensington Palace announced the news on Twitter Wednesday, naming the premiere as the Royal Film Performance for the Cinema and Television Benevolent Fund.
According to a producers' press release, "Spectre" is Bond's third RFP film since 1946.
In the past, "Don't Die Today" (2002) and Casino Royale (2006) were also selected for the royal premieres.
This year's event takes place on 26 October at the Royal Albert Hall in London and will be a charitable one, benefiting lobbyists from the British film and television industry.
Actors from the film distribution will also attend the premiere, including lead actor Daniel Craig, Christoph Waltz, Lea Seydoux, Ben Whishaw, Naomie Harris, David Bautista, Monica Bellucci and Ralph Fiennes.
Director Sam Mendes and producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson will also go on the red carpet with members of the royal family.
"Spectre" will be shown in US cinemas in November.
There are rumours that Christie Brinkley and John Mellencamp would be together
Model Christie Brinkley and musician John Mellencamp were seen having dinner together Monday, sparking the rumour that the two would have a romantic relationship.
The two met for dinner at the Bowery Hotel in New York City, where photographs caught Brinkley cheerful and smiling.
The 61-year-old supermodel was seen wearing blouses, trousers and a yellow jacket, while the 63-year-old rock star was dressed in torn blouses, trousers and shirts.
Last October, Mellencamp would have been seen again with his lover, actress Meg Ryan, from whom he is separated and with whom he is constantly fighting.
Mellencamp praised the star on NBC's Today, saying he was "a angel sent to me and I am very happy".
He added that "nothing ends until it ends".
In August, Brinkley's youngest daughter, Sailor Brinkley Cook, made a loan to Seventeen magazine, following in the footsteps of her mother.
Arctic pine trees are big enough to get a holiday
Many studies have highlighted species that have become more vulnerable due to warmer climates, but global warming has proved to be a good thing for others.
One of these beneficial species is the Arctic cod.
According to researchers at Dartmouth College, warmer temperatures in the Arctic region have allowed the seals here to appear earlier and grow larger, leading to the development of their population.
In a new study, researchers at the John Sloan Dickey Centre for International Understanding in Dartmouth, experts in the Arctic region, have used their field observations to illustrate the effects of temperature changes on Arctic reefs.
Their analysis predicts a 50% increase in the survival rate of adult eels under conditions of a temperature rise of 2 degrees Celsius.
The hunters are small, but they are important members of the arctic trofic chain and the ecosystem.
The new analysis - detailed in a new paper published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B - aims to help biologists better anticipate how a growing population of eels could affect the birds they feed on, the birds and insects they feed on and the plants they pollinate.
To build their demonstration, the scientists at Dartmouth combined their field results with the results of laboratory experiments investigating how temperature influences the development of the insect and predator predation.
Although rising temperatures make bigger frogs more vulnerable to cockroaches, it also gives them an early start in the spring and makes the development of their larvae faster and more efficient, which is certainly an advantage.
More nests mean a larger population, which can only develop if it is supported by insect feed sources.
The ability of ants to turn their improved survival rate into an improved reproductive rate depends on their ability to provide their blood for food.
Antidepressants taken during pregnancy do not affect the child
Three new studies show that the administration of antidepressants to pregnant women has no effect on the neurodevelopment or behaviour of their children.
Studies have shown that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) pose an increased risk of postpartum bleeding, but researchers have said depression poses an even greater risk for women and their children, which is why it must be treated.
"These studies add to a growing body of evidence on the safety of the administration of antidepressants during pregnancy," John Thorp, deputy editor-in-chief of the International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology, which published all three studies, said in a press release.
Although there are some increased risks, evidence so far appears to show that the risks of untreated depression are higher than those raised by antidepressants.
The Norwegian Institute for Public Health has coordinated a study on the motor development of children whose mothers have been treated with SSRI, analysing the data of 51 404 children from the Norwegian Cohort Study of the Mother and Child, investigating the effects of the use of SSRI for the development of motor skills at the age of 3.
Researchers found that 381 mothers had used SSRI during pregnancy, and 159 of them had been treated with medication for an extended period.
Although exposure to SSRI was associated to some extent with a delay in motor development, the researchers wrote in the study that the association "was not so significant as to give delays clinical importance".
A group of researchers from the University of Adelaide in Australia conducted a data review of 49 000 women in the Danish National Birth Cohort to discover the effects of SSRI administration on children's behaviour up to the age of 7.
The study found that untreated depression in pregnant women was associated with an increased risk of behavioural problems.
Of the 210 children whose mothers had been treated against depression with SSRIs, there was no increased risk of behavioural problems compared to the 231 children who were more prone to behavioural problems such as hyperactivity, lack of attention and socialisation problems.
The same group of Australian researchers also found in a separate study that mothers are more likely to bleed after birth if they are treated with SSRIs.
The analysis of medical data from 30 198 people who were born in a university hospital in Adelaide between 2002 and 2008 showed that the risk of postpartum hemorrhage increased by 5%, between 11 and 16%, if women were treated with SSRIs.
The risk of severe hemorrhage or post-natal anemia has doubled, researchers reported.
Researchers have said that, although the study linked the administration of SSRIs to an increased risk, there are a large number of variables - from medicines taken at birth to the limited amount of information researchers have on specific medical conditions in women - that could have an effect on blood potential.
"It is possible that women who took antidepressants at an advanced stage of pregnancy were the ones with the worst stage of the disease, and this is the reason for the increased risk of postnatal hemorrhage, not antidepressants," says Dr Luke Grzeskowiak, a professor at Adelaide University.
On the basis of this study alone, we do not recommend that women stop taking antidepressants during pregnancy, but that they be closely monitored in order to minimise the risk of potential bleeding.
Matthew Charged with Murder in Virginia Tech Student's Murder
The man accused of killing Virginia University student Hannah Graham has been indicted for premeditated murder in the case of a Virginia Technical University student missing in 2009, authorities announced on Tuesday.
The Grand Jury in Albemarle, Virginia, on Friday indicted Charlottesville resident Jesse Leroy Matthew Jr., 33, for the murder of Morgan Harrington, officials say.
Matthew is also accused of kidnapping with the intent of rape.
Each indictee receives a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.
Harrington, 20, disappeared from a concert in Charlottesville in 2009, and her body was discovered three months later.
Her parents say the news of the indictment has brought them relief.
"For six years, we have been working resolutely and tirelessly to this end," says Gil Harrington, Morgan's mother.
I am delighted to know that when you take someone's life, you have to bear the consequences for what you do.
For Jesse Matthew, the dominoes of the consequences have begun to sit.
Police say there is a medical-legal link between the Harrington, Graham and 2005 sexual abuse cases in Fairfax County.
In June, Matthew was found guilty of the latter and is awaiting a sentence in this case.
He remains in jail in Charlottesville.
Jesse Matthew Charged with Qualified Murder in Virginia University Student's Death
Harrington was in U-Va. on October 17th 2009, together with friends, for a Metallica concert.
The group separated when Harrington left the John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville to go to the bathroom and could no longer enter back.
The last time she was seen trying to take a taxi was around 20:30 outside the courthouse.
Harrington was dressed in a black tricot with the Pantera.
After her disappearance, Harrington's jacket and mobile phone were found in the parking lot of the arena.
The family and friends began an extensive search for Harrington, a graduate of pedagogical studies, who wanted to become a professor, and Metallica wrote about her disappearance on their website.
In November 2009, the shirt he wore was found near a string of apartments in Charlottesville.
Then, in January 2010, her body was discovered in an isolated chain at a farm southwest of Charlottesville.
At the time of Harrington's disappearance, Matthew was working as a taxi driver in Charlottesville, but it is not clear whether that period coincided with Harrington's disappearance.
Police say that a significant advance in the Harrington case was the arrest of Matthew in the case of Graham's disappearance last year.
Officials familiar with the investigation have said that these cases are linked by DNA evidence.
Investigators have not yet released details of the new evidence that led to Matthew's indictment for Harrington's murder.
Defence lawyer Douglas Ramseur, who represents Matthew in the Graham case, has refused to make statements.
The announcement of the indictment comes two days after the one-year anniversary of Hannah Graham's disappearance in September.
This case is similar to the Harrington case: both were young students who disappeared when they were out of town in Charlottesville.
Graham, 18, from Fairfax County, was seen walking with Matthew to a downtown mall near U-Va campus.
Matthew was arrested for that case a few weeks later, following a national search.
Graham's body was found in October.
In July, Matthew will be tried for premeditated murder in the Graham case.
In the first days after Graham's disappearance last autumn in Charlottesville, Gil Harrington was a constant presence at rallies and parades organised for the missing student at U-Va.
Harrington says she has endured for her daughter speculation and media criticism that must be silenced by the new charges against Matthew.
"All this time, there have been discussions like 'Why did he wear a short suit?' and 'Why did he seek one with a candlestick?' but these kinds of questions and judgments are not valid when it's clear that we're dealing with a hunter-gatherer," Harrington added.
In the Fairfax County case, Matthew was convicted of sexual assault on a young woman in 2005.
The woman, who was 26 at the time of the attack, told the jurors that, one evening in September, while returning home from the shop, a stranger came behind her.
He took her to a twisted area, beat her and strangled her, then sexually assaulted her.
"I thought I had the end, I had to keep pushing," the woman confessed.
I was afraid I would die.
Matthew suddenly took her away, the woman said.
A prosecutor told the jurors that Matthew may have been frightened by the lights of a car entering a nearby parking lot.
He was convicted years later, after DNA tests linked him to the case.
Matthew will receive his sentence in October.
Matthew will appear for the first time in the Harrington case in Charlottesville on Wednesday afternoon.
Morgan's father Dan Harrington said he would most likely come to Charlottesville on Wednesday and visit the bridge where his daughter was last seen.
"We've taken one more step today, at least," Dan Harrington says.
Did Jon Snow die or not?
Actor Kit Harington gives us a hint
Actor Kit Harington gave an important hint about the fate of the character or series in the Games of Thrones, Jon Snow, who was killed at the end of season 4.
In an interview with Dutch magazine Humo, he said he knows the duration of his contract or with HBO, according to Digital Spy.
Asked how many more sessions would appear, he said he could not speak on the subject.
Just to say that the series will be part of my life for a while, I'll probably be over 30 when it ends.
But one thing is certain.
"When I leave the Games of Thrones, that will be the time when I will invest in projects with feature films," the actor said.
The series returns to small screens in the spring of next year.
Games of Thrones fans have sparked hysteria after season four's end, when Jon Snow was stabbed, and have come up with various theories that he will somehow be brought back to life.
Moreover, the Romanians created a Facebook event, dubbed "John Snow's Letter", 40 days after the season ended, which drew more than 36,000 supporters.
Good news for Romania from European Commission
The European Commission decided on Tuesday to resume payments to Romania under the "Economic Competitiveness" and "Mediterranean" programmes, both interrupted in early April 2015.
According to a communication from the European Commission's representative in Romania, following this decision, around EUR 120 million will be transferred to the Romanian authorities in the period immediately following.
I am pleased to announce the release of these payments and I appreciate the efforts made by the Roma authorities to improve the management and control systems in the two programmes.
It is important for the Roma authorities to be involved in identifying the weaknesses and solving the problems.
"I express the hope that the measures taken will significantly reduce the risk of errors and irregularities in the future," European Commissioner for Regional Policy Corina Cretu said.
"The extremist statements made by Gianni Pitella are incorrect," the head of Hungarian diplomacy reacted.
Peter Szijjarto urged European Socialists to start a "campaign of lies" against Hungary.
Referring to statements by French Secretary of State for European Affairs Harlem Desir on the Hungarian-built fence, Szijjarto stressed that Budapest "has a common European strategy on immigration", but insisted that national borders should be protected.
Romania wants to score in Rugby World Cup
Romania's rugby national team is ready for a big surprise at the World Cup, which opens in Britain on Friday.
"The Guards" proposed two victories in Group D.
"We want two victories, with the teams of Canada and Italy," Romanian captain Mihai Macovei said.
The national "tricolora" is part of World Group D in England, alongside France, Ireland, Canada and Italy.
Romania's first match since the 2015 edition of the World Cup will be played on September 23rd, against France.
Refugee crisis: JAI without solution
European Council President Donald Tusk announced Thursday that he would take a decision on the possible convening of a European Union summit on migration in Europe.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Austrian counterpart Werner Faymann called on Tuesday for a European Union summit to resolve the refugee crisis next week.
At a joint press conference in Berlin, Merkel said Germany, Austria and Sweden cannot manage the refugee crisis on their own.
The head of the German executive voiced support for Berlin's recent decision to impose border controls in the face of a massive influx of asylum seekers, noting that the measure is aimed at facilitating refugee registration.
For its part, Slovakia - which opposes the European Commission's proposal to redistribute refugees between Member States on the basis of mandatory quotas - has declared itself in favour of organising an extraordinary EU summit.
EU interior ministers, meeting in Brussels late Monday, failed to adopt a new proposal for the urgent redistribution of 120,000 refugees between EU member states, presented by the European Commission on 9 September.
The first item of the plan, the emergency refugee resettlement mechanism, provides for the rapid redistribution of 54,000 refugees in Hungary, 50,400 in Greece and 15,500 in Italy.
Charlie Hebdo, new controversial cartoons
French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo is again raising controversy, following the release of cartoons mocking the response of predominantly Christian European countries to the wave of immigrants from war-affected predominantly Muslim countries.
In his most recent number, the publication again drew attention, as well as criticism on social media, Reuters writes.
One of the paintings emphasizes a soothing image of Aylan Kurdi, the poisoned Syrian bather whose body arrived on one of Turkey's beaches after his family failed to cross the sea by boat from Syria to Greece.
The show in Charlie Hebdo shows a kid in shorts and tricots, face down on the big beach, next to an advertising banner offering two children's menus for the price of one.
"Very close to success," is the message accompanying the sketch.
Another drawing, as well as the work of a cartoonist who survived the January attack at the Paris-based editor's office, is accompanied by the message "Proof that Europe is Christmas".
The show presents a figure like Jesus, who walks on the water, while a smaller character opens his short pants with his feet up in the water, the first saying "Christians walk on the water", taking the second "Muslims are sinking".
The French magazine became a symbol of freedom of expression after being targeted by Islamist militants in January, following repeated threats following the prophet Mahomed's mockery.
Supermarket chain present in Romania, severely fined in Russia
The French supermarket chain Auchan has been fined over $370,000 by Russian officials for food safety violations.
Anna Popova, head of Russia's consumer protection agency Rospotrebnadzor, said the fines totalled more than 25m rubles, or $372,000, US News quoted the Associated Press as saying.
However, the reasons for the fines were not specified, and Auchan did not comment.
The French supermarket chain is also targeted by the Russian agricultural agency's allegations that some meat products have been found to be infected with bacteria such as E. coli and Listeria.
The food checks come at a time of tension between France and Russia over the extension of the European Union's sanctions and France's decision to cancel an agreement on the supply of Mistral ships to Russia.
The Romanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs reacted to the news that Hungary might raise a metal fence at the border with our country.
The EEA states that it was briefly informed of this decision and that this is not a politically correct move.
The EEA said in a statement to Ziare.com that it had been informed by the Hungarian Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the intention shortly before it was made public.
For its part, the EEA has informed Romania's competent decision makers in good time, as a matter of urgency, of this situation.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs considered that the lifting of a barrier between two Member States of the European Union, which are strategic partners, is not a politically correct gesture, in accordance with the European spirit.
This position has already been communicated to the Hungarian party, the statement said.
Hungary is planning to build a metal fence on a section of its border with Romania amid the immigration crisis, Mediafax quoted Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto as saying Tuesday.
"The mass is necessary for traffickers transiting Serbia to change their routes, with the likelihood of heading to Romania," the head of Hungarian diplomacy explained.
"The guard would start from the border point between Hungary/Serbia/Romania and continue at a reasonable distance if migration pressure shifts to Romania," Szijjarto explained.
At the end of August, media reported that extra-Community immigrants crossing Serbian territory on their way to the European Union were trying to circumvent the fence built by Hungarian authorities through its eastern tip, at the common border between Serbia, Hungary and Romania.
In this context, extra-Community immigrants have discovered that they can cross the fence through the areas of Majdan/Rade (Serbia) - Beba Veche (Timis, Romania) - Kubekhaza (Hungary).
The Hungarian Government has allocated 22.2 billion forints (EUR 71.8 million) for the construction of a controversial metal fence at the border with Serbia, 175 kilometres away, and for special centres needed to house immigrants.
The European Union and Serbia are criticising the fence initiative.
No need, it will stay there
Corneliu Vadim Tudor's unarmed corpse will not be laid in Romania's Senate, despite the politician's will to do so.
According to a report on Ziare.com, the Senate Permanent Office discussed Tuesday a request by Mrs Vadim Tudor for approval of the uninflated body of former Senator Corneliu Vadim Tudor at the Senate headquarters.
"From the receipt of this letter until the time of analysis, in the Permanent Bureau, the uninflated body has already been deposited at a place of worship and will remain there, with the Permanent Bureau appreciating that there is no need to move from there to the Romanian Senate," the Senate reports.
PNL Senator Teodor Atanasiu argued that the request "is not in line with Romania's geographical position somewhere in Europe".
Also, Agerpres reports, senators held a moment of remembrance in memory of the former PRM leader, at UNPR senator Serban Mihailescu's proposal.
Corneliu Vadim Tudor died at around 18:30 on Monday evening.
The PRM president has passed away at the Army's Clinical Centre for Urgent Cardiovascular Diseases.
The MEP will be buried at Ghencea Cemetery on Thursday at 12:00 and will receive military honours.
Are refugees coming to Romania?
Mayors in border towns questioned over accommodation
The mayors of the border towns of Arad are being questioned by the Police and the Border Police these days about accommodation for potential refugees who might arrive in Romania, but also for the gendarmes if they are mobilised at the border.
The mayor of Nadlac, Vasile Ciceac, said he had talks on the subject.
Talks were also held with farmers in the area, who were asked to report on the presence of any foreigners near the border.
We have had discussions with border police, national and local politicians, but also with farmers in the area.
We all need to be more vigilant in the coming period.
"We have asked the farmers, who are working on arable land during this period, to be careful and report any moves," the mayor said.
Crisis of immigrants knocks on Hungary's doors: Blind people and water guns at the border
He, like other mayors in the border area with Hungary, said the police had asked for information on accommodations available in the event of a wave of refugees.
We have been asked how many people we can hunt.
We in the commune do not have space for refugees.
We also believe that such special centres should not be guarded at the border, because they are more difficult to control here, migrants being tempted to flee, because they are not interested in staying in Romania.
The best thing would be to establish such centres in areas beyond the border," said Iratosu municipality Mayor Papp Atila Iosif.
For his part, Dorobanti commune mayor Vincentiu Almasi said that both refugee accommodation and intervention forces had been questioned if they were mobilised in the area.
The police were interested in whether we could also chase gendarmes.
We could find places at the Cultural Trail, but for refugees we have no possibility of accommodation.
"We have also been asked about the length of the border with Hungary, perhaps an action plan is being worked out," said Vincentiu Almasi.
He added that at the local police station, "it has been going on since Tuesday, since Hungary signed its border with Serbia, it has been permanently established."
"There is always a policeman at the post, and the locals know they have to inform if they see any foreigners in the area," the mayor said.
Representatives of the Pilu Primary said they could hunt up to a hundred people at the Cultural Camino, with the information provided to police at their request.
Curtici Mayor Nicolae Aanitei also said there are accommodation facilities in the former headquarters of local public finances, but amenities are needed.
A former border police barracks could also be fined for hosting refugees.
Representatives of the Arad County Police Press Office did not give a view on the questioning of mayors during this period, only confirming that " patrulling activities have been stepped up in the border towns of Arad County".
Army Club Commander Announces Radical Mass Against Becali's State
Army Sports Club Commander Colonel George Boroi announced a series of radical measures against Gigi Becali's flag.
Although the two sides have negotiated a deadlock, Boroi supports that the Army will have its own football team, which will take over the historical record of the "red-whites".
The team that won the Champions Cup is on break for now.
"It's not a historic break, it's just a competition break, because we don't have a team, but things can change next year," Boroi told Sport.ro.
At the same time, he announced that the process for claiming damages from Becali's team would continue.
The period that we are referring to in the ICCJ commitment has been set out very clearly.
We need to recover the damage from FC Steaua, the team that used the Steaua brand without the consent of the promoter - actually CSA Steaua.
The continuity of the section, which was in fact permanently of the Army club, also appears very clear.
"Because the Steaua Bucharest football team, in one form or another, but in a legal form, must exist as a continuation of the records it has so far in its records," George Boroi says.
Becali's Star and the Army Club have been at war since the end of last year, when the highest court ruled that it was the soldiers who held the "Star" stamp.
Simona Halep injured at US Open: Romania's first statement
Simona Halep suffered an injury at the US Open, as the world's second-largest player acknowledged Wednesday.
Only two WTA judges deemed her to have suffered a muscle contraction, and she is currently undergoing specialist treatment.
I have suffered a small heart attack and I am undergoing treatment.
"I hope to come back as soon as possible," Halep said at a press conference.
Simona Halep has progressed in the last two US Open matches with a sizable bandage over her stubborn shoulder, charging with muscular problems.
Immediately after returning to Romania, she made a visit to the sports medicine clinic with whom she is working for a good bit of time.
After specialised investigations, Simone was prescribed treatment.
Halep is scheduled to return to the tournament as early as next week, when she plays in China at the Guangzhou tournament.
Region "collapsing" millions
Millionaires in Asia-Pacific will form this year's group of the world's richest people, a trap of wealth accumulated in China and India, according to a study published Wednesday by Capgemini and RBC Wealth Management.
According to this document, in 2015, the accumulated wealth of the millionaires in Pacific Asia will exceed the total of USD 15.800 billion recorded in 2014, as will the wealth of the millionaires in North America, which currently represents the richest people in the world, with a total wealth of USD 16.200 billion, the AFP reports.
The study says that the Pacific region already has the largest number of very wealthy individuals, financial jargonically called High Net Worth Individuals, HNWI, with 4.69 million in 2014, compared to 4.68 million in North America.
HNWI are people who can invest at least USD 1 million, regardless of the value of real estate and other properties.
"In the future, HNWI assets are expected to grow more in Pacific Asia than in any other region of the world, with most of the new assets coming from the emerging economies of China, India, Indonesia and Thailand," the study by Capgemini and RBC Wealth Management said.
The report estimates that China and India account for almost 10% of HNWI's global assets and are responsible for 17% of the global growth in new assets after 2006.
China, the world's second-largest economy after the US, had a total of 890,000 million people in 2014 with a combined wealth of $4,500 billion, an increase of 17.5%, or 19.3%, compared to 2013.
In turn, India has the fastest growth rate of millions, 26.3%, up to 198,000 people, while their cumulative wealth has risen by 28.2%, up to $785 billion.
"Dorel" turns off traffic lights
In Suceava, workers have installed a top-down sign, so instead of being prompted to wait another 4 seconds, pedestrians receive a "h" message, which they cannot decode.
They're not scared, anyway, everyone's on the road, Adevarul reports.
Everyone passes by as they cut their heads off.
Two bats were to be taken up by a machine because they had crossed the red line.
"The police at Rutiera should be here to help, until the world gets used to it," a woman told the source.
The sign was recently installed in front of the Great Wall in central Sweden, but pedestrians do not seem keen to take it into account, all the more so as the information received seems incomprehensible.
After 6 comes 8, followed by an L, instead of the series 9-8-7.
If "Dorel" was doing its job properly and someone responsible enough was found to give his approval for completing the work, then it would not have ended in this absurd situation.
The head of the Suceava Mayor's Office for Road Administration and Routine Systematisation honestly admits he was there when the sign started to work, but did not realise that something was wrong.
We put them into use, but we did not realise that this was a mistake.
"Even I was at the front when they were put into operation," Stefan Vasincu said, pledging that the problem would be remedied as soon as possible.
Thank God it can be remedied, because there are situations in which "Dorel" has done irreparable damage.
For example, when he worked on the Giurgiu-Ruse gas pipeline, "Dorel" missed the drilling frequency that hits the tunnel under the Danube, it is not known where, probably under the ground, the buried one was found anyway, according to even Economy Minister Mihai Tudose.
Police put water cannons on immigrants
At Hungary's main border with Serbia, Hungarian border guards used tear gas and water guns against immigrants on Wednesday.
Although Hungary closed the border with a fence fence and introduced tough measures against illegal immigrants, including detention, refugees continued to gather at the Serbian-Hungarian border, The Guardian writes.
The water tunnels were put in place when immigrants managed to patrol through the barracks fenced by the Roszke border crossing.
Hungarian politics argues that the action of the tunas was a measure of control of the crowd, which threw water bottles.
There are no reports of possible injuries, but some people were crying after the use of tear gas.
Greek publisher Enikos writes, at the same time, that two German companies refused to deliver frozen sarma to Hungary.
The country has already raised the border guard with Serbia, and announced on Tuesday its intention to raise one at the border with Romania, a move that has been strongly criticised in Bucharest.
German companies maintain that frozen sarma is very dangerous and causes cut-offs that can be infected.
It is used to secure prisons or military installations, but should not be used against people seeking shelter, companies say.
In parallel with the clashes at the Hungarian border, Croatia has mobilised to provide buses to immigrants to transport those arriving at the country's border with Serbia.
The Croatian Interior Ministry confirmed that buses were sent to the border to take immigrants to reception centres.
373 people entered Croatia from Serbia, including 73 children, the ministry said.
Tsipras on Greece's drama - why he agrees to third EU deal
The stated aim of former Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras was to save the country from further austerity and fundamentally change its relationship with the EU leadership in Brussels.
Finally, Syriza's leader has made Greece part of a third lease deal for the country, which entails more years of austerity and reform, according to Euronews, which reports an interview with him.
Now, however, Tsipras is urging Greeks to reassign him to the prime minister's post in elections he supports will strengthen his political position.
Our aim was to reach an agreement, not a withdrawal from the euro area or the dismantling of the euro area.
"Now, for the first time, the possibility of debt restructuring for Greece remains open," the former Greek prime minister said.
Now, we have an agreement that can be described as strict.
"But we knew from the beginning that any compromise would have ended in the form of an agreement," Tsipras added.
He believes the financing part of the agreement represents a great success for the Greek government, indicating that all of the country's financial needs are covered by 2019.
"Alexis Tsipras also says that Greece "certainly needs reforms", stating that it must start with state reform.
Tsipras announced his resignation on August 27th, paving the way for early elections in September, after seven months at the helm of the Athens Executive, during which a third bailout for Greece was approved.
He was chosen with his gait torn and burns of the first degree after his electronic cigarette exploded in front of him
A 23-year-old man in Georgia has suffered first-grade burns, a broken leg and finger and a hole like a coin in the hole's sky, after an electronic cigarette he smoked exploded in his face.
James Lauria was taking a short smoking break at work when the accident occurred after the carriage was taken to intensive care for a week, The Daily Mail writes.
Lauria, who was connected to a breathing machine, also suffered burns to her hand and cornea and a tooth in her face went into her ginger.
I was at work and things were calming down and I came back for a second, as I always do.
"Unbeknownst to me, it exploded and I was on my way to the hospital in an ambulance, that's the last thing I remember," Lauria said.
Six weeks after the accident, Lauria is still unable to digest solid food and follows a liquid diet as she recovers at her parents' home.
The electronic cigarette that caused the man's injuries is in custody of the authorities, which are investigating the incident.
Honoris Cargo Concert at Cinema Patria
The "Cargo - 30 Years" event series continues with a special new performance -- "Honoris Cargo", which will open at Cinema Patria in Bucharest on December 11th.
The concert marks the end of a year of events, during which the "Cargo 30 Years" project was presented across the country.
The story follows, and in December a new project will bring the charm of Cargo music to light.
Artists and special guests come to pay tribute to Romania's most beloved rock band.
Tickets for the show "Honoris Cargo" can be found at www.iabilet.ro and in the iaBilet network (Music, Uman, IQBOX, Perfect Tour, Vgeneration, ZebraPay) at the top prices:
earlybird offer: first 100 General Access tickets - 60 lei, 90 lei VIP respectively (earliest payouts in front of the scene)
After the offer runs out, tickets will cost $70 for General Access and $100 for VIP tickets.
On the day of the concert, the General Acces tickets will cost 80 lei (the VIP tickets will be guaranteed to run out by then)
All tickets are seated and the number of VIP vehicles is only 200, or 600 General Accesses.
The seats are arranged in order to arrive in the room.
Tickets to the Balkans are also of the General Access type.
Currency exchange rate: Leu loses another battle
Leul is losing another battle with major currencies, continuing its downward trend Wednesday.
Romania's National Bank rated the single European currency at 4.4239 lei/unit, up 0.10% from Tuesday's session.
The dollar also continued to grow, adding 0.72 per cent on Wednesday, to the threshold of 3.9362 lei/unit.
The Swiss franc is also the fourth day in a row of growth, at 4.0405 lei/unit.
The sterling also made a significant leap, from 6.029 lei/unit as quoted on Tuesday to 6.06647 lei/unit on Wednesday.
The gold gram also rose to 5.5380 lei/unit.
Star Trek actress in jail for breaking up in front of children
Actress Jennifer Lien, known from Star Trek, where she played for three seasons involving Kes, was arrested for improper exposure to children.
The incident that led to her imprisonment, where she had been since 3 September - the case was set at $2,500 - took place in front of her home in Tennessee.
The widow began begging a neighbour, Carey Smith, because of one of her children lying on the floor, Mirror reports.
At one point, during the dispute, the actress lifted her shirt, showing her bustle, and then, before entering the house, took off her trousers.
When the police arrived, Jennifer refused to hug.
Furthermore, it threatened to kill policemen and was forced to the machine.
It is not the first time the 41-year-old actress has had problems with the police; in April, she was also arrested, then charged with including attack.
Jennifer has been in Kes' skin since 1995, after appearing in "American History X", a film in which Edward Norton also starred.
He quit acting in 2002, when his first child was born.
She is married to writer and filmmaker Phil Hwang.
They are being watched by the Western machine gun.
Stop supporting terrorism!
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad gave a rare interview to the Russian press, in which he spoke out against refugees and accused the West of supporting terrorists and of "seeking" immigrants.
"The scientist has been planning for them and the West has been supporting terrorists since the beginning of the crisis, when he said this is a panic revolt," Assad said in an interview with Russia Today.
The Damascus leader argues that his Western counterparts say the situation in Syria is terrorism like the Islamic State, "but because of the Syrian state or the Syrian regime or the Syrian president".
As long as this propaganda follows, there will be more refugees.
So it is not about Europe not accepting them or imprisoning them as refugees, it is about not treating the cause.
If you are concerned about them, you no longer support terrorists.
That is what we believe about the crisis.
"This is the core of the whole refugee issue," the Syrian leader added.
Assad has continued his accusations against Western countries and their treatment of refugees.
It is as if the West is now planning for refugees with one eye and looking at them with the second eye, because those refugees have actually fled Syria because of terrorism, primarily because of terrorists and murders, and secondly because of the results of terrorism.
"When you have terrorism and destruction of infrastructure, you will not have basic living resources, so many people leave because of terrorism and because they want to punish their existence somewhere in this world," Bashar al Assad says.
"If we ask any Syrian what they want today, the first thing they would say would be 'We want security and safety for every person and every family,'" the Syrian president stressed, adding that political forces, whether inside or outside the government, "should unite around what the Syrian people want."
Syria's president believes dialogue in his country should continue "to reach a consensus", which cannot be implemented "because we are undermining terrorism in Syria".
"I would like to take this opportunity to call on all forces to unite against terrorism, because this is the way to achieve the political goals that we, as Syrians, want through dialogue and political action," Bashar al-Assad also said.
He also spoke about one of his country's allies, the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, arguing that, in the context of the crisis in Ukraine, he has been transformed, from a friend of the West, into a villain of the West.
Bashar al Assad compares the situation in Syria to that in Russia, once again accusing the West of falsifying reality in both cases.
Watch what happened in the Western media after the coup in Ukraine.
What happened?
President Putin has been transformed from a friend of the West to a villain and has been characterised as a tar.
He is portrayed as a dictator who suppressed the opposition in Russia and came to power by undemocratic means, despite the fact that he was elected in democratic elections, and the West itself recognised that the elections were democratic.
Now they are no longer democratic.
"This is Western propaganda," the Damascus leader pointed out.
Last but not least, it included Russia on the list of friendly countries - and regional partners - with which Syria is ready to co-operate in the fight against terrorism, alongside Iran and Iraq, "because it faces the same type of terrorism".
Instead, Bashar al-Assad has criticised Turkey, another neighbouring country, as well as President Recep Erdogan and Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, about whom he said "I can't even do a mission without co-ordinating with the United States and other Western countries".
In addition, the Syrian president accuses the "international coalition", led by the United States, of fighting terrorism: "In fact, since this coalition started operating, the Islamic State has begun to expand."
In other words, the coalition has failed and has no impact on the ground.
At the same time, countries such as Turkey, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Western countries that provide cover for terrorism, such as France, the United States or others, cannot fight terrorism.
You cannot be with and against terrorism at the same time.
"But if these countries decide to change their policies and realise that terrorism is like a scorpion - if you put it in your pocket, it will sting you - then we have no objection to co-operating with all these countries, given that it is a real coalition, not a false coalition, to fight terrorism," the Damascus leader said.
Autumn?
Not at all.
More than 30 degrees
Weather will be pretty hot on Wednesday, especially in the western part of the country, where temperatures will rise by 30 degrees.
There will be 26 degrees in the afternoon in Bucharest.
Two degrees less will be on the coast, while 26 degrees were also announced on the mountain in Brasov.
There will be 21 degrees at Moeciu, 23 at Bran, 23 at Paraul Rece, 20 at Predeal and 20 at Busteni.
Some warmer weather will be in the western part of the country, where mercury from thermometers will cross the 30 degree threshold.
31 degrees will be registered in Satu Mare, 29 in Zalau, 30 in Cluj-Napoca, 31 in Oradea, 28 in Alba Iulia, 30 in Arad, Timisoara and Caransebes.
The sky will also be clear in the east, where meteorologists announced 27 degrees in Botosani, 25 in Suceava, 23 in Piatra Neamt, 26 in Iasi, Vaslui and Bacau, 25 in Focsani and 26 in Galati.
In the rest of the country, 30 degrees were also announced at Targu Mures, 28 at Sibiu, 26 at Ramnicu Valcea, 25 at Pitesti, Targoviste and Ploiesti, 26 at Braila, 25 at Tulcea, 26 at Slobozia, 27 at Calarasi and Giurgiu, 26 at Slatina and 28 at Turnu Severin.
List of cheapest countries and Romania's state of affairs
The depletion of the oil quota has caused great losses in the last year to oil-mining workers, shareholders of energy companies and countries that are heavily dependent on this resource.
However, there is also a positive effect: gasoline has become enormously cheaper.
A map compiled by Bloomberg shows that, between October 2014 and July 2015, fuel prices fell in almost all 76 countries considered.
The most important reduction in the pump price is observed in Venezuela.
In this country, the engine has become 97% cheaper, so you can power 24 SUVs for less than a dollar.
At the opposite pole is Saudi Arabia, where the price is kept fixed by the state.
The cost of the engine varied from country to country, depending on refining conditions, changes in taxation, as well as exchange rate fluctuations.
For more precise comparison, Bloomberg has converted the average price of each state into US dollars.
Situation in Romania
Bloomberg data showed that in the second quarter of the year, the average price of a gallon of gasoline (approximately 3.8 litres) was $5.49.
Thus, we are ranked 27th among the countries with the most expensive fuel.
But we should not worry about this top position.
Fata from the last quarter of 2014, gasoline has also become cheaper for the Roma.
At the time, the average price of a gallon was $6.14, which means a 10.6% price reduction.
However, the countries around us are doing even better.
In Bulgaria, a gallon of gasoline costs $4.92, and in Hungary - $5.20.
Germans set the fate of immigrants in the middle of the night: What Merkel promised
German Chancellor Angela Merkel pledged on Tuesday night that the federal government would provide additional support to the 16 countries of the federation in receiving and distributing tens of thousands of migrants entering the country through southern Europe.
After a nearly four-hour meeting with prime ministers from 16 federal states, Merkel said "the most important thing now is to create an orderly and transparent process to deal with the large number of refugees," the DPA agency noted.
She added that the federal government will create 40,000 places for initial arrivals, as well as distribution centres.
"Such pivotal points are needed," she stressed.
The entire country must provide a massive boost to deal with the crisis, Merkel added.
The country's prime ministers have asked for more aid than the 6 billion euros agreed by the federal coalition government more than a week ago.
Turkey's Stanga Party Prime Minister Bodo Ramelow called for a "at least double, and for commitments, accelerated", in comments to a local newspaper.
For his part, Renania-Palatinate Prime Minister Malu Dreyer has insisted that migrants be integrated quickly into German society.
"We need a national pact among all players, not only the federal government, states and municipalities, but also businesses, trade unions and civil society," she said.
Dreyer also called for more bureaucracy in handling refugees and migrants.
She noted that Switzerland completed the processing in 48 hours and the Netherlands in 11 days, while Germany needed more than 5 months.
Bavaria Prime Minister Horst Seehofer voiced similar sentiments.
So far, Bavaria has been the hardest hit country, with the largest number of migrants arriving after crossing the border with Austria.
Seehofer, a strong federal actor as head of the Christian Social Union (CSU), a key component of the federal coalition government, has entered a public conflict with Merkel after the chancellor announced a virtual open-room policy earlier this month, the DPA recalls.
Mircea Lucescu faces scandal after humiliating defeat to Real Madrid
Mircea Lucescu was a nerve carrier in the final match against Real Madrid, which Sahtior Donetk lost 0-4.
The Romanian coach was completely disturbed by the arbitration, saying Sahtior lost because it was disadvantaged.
Before the match I said one thing, that I want to be respected.
Unfortunately, in matches with major teams in Europe, we are always disadvantaged by arbitration.
There are two totally different ways.
The new team was given a yellow card immediately, while the top teams were not.
Furthermore, the first penalties were by no means!
The ball hit Darijo back without reaching his hand.
A game of this level should not have been influenced by arbitration.
"I regret that the arbitration broke the game," Mircea Lucescu said at the press conference.
"Ma'am, but what smells so hot here?"
They were pieces of a broken husband
A crime of outdated sadism terrified the inhabitants of Trgu Frumos and Roman.
Yesterday morning, in the early hours of the day, the markets in Trgu Frumos were able to see frightening scenes near the main entrance to the market.
Behind the three drops, the criminals "assembled" in pieces what appeared to be a man's body.
He was transcribed, but his head, internal organs and genitals were missing.
Finally, it had to prove that it was the body of a former officer, who had been stripped by his wife, a professor of geography.
"The Day of the East" was spoken of quite frankly even by the taxi driver who helped the criminal, unknowingly, in the pursuit of bags with the dead body.
His statements make you look miserable.
The one who alerted police yesterday to the fact that a woman was carrying three sacks which were dancing horribly after pieces of the corpse had been found on the market was a taxi driver from Trgu Frumos.
As in American films, the man himself helped to transport bags full of human pieces, which smelled hard, but without knowing it, as the criminal was his client for a race.
The taxi driver narrated, exclusively for "The Day of the Gates", the shocking scenes he went through, helping without wanting a murderer to hide the evidence.
He searched with the hands of the scribe in which the body parts of the geography professor's husband were lying, and cut it open.
She came to Trgu Frumos to hide the evidence of the crime as far away from her home in Rome as possible.
Maybe he has mine.
We did not know where to find it.
Nea Mihai, as he is known by his friends who practice taxiing in Trgu Frumos, arrived sighted overnight in the small town where he lives.
He has seen American films throughout his life, but he never thought that he would ever go on to be the one who would be behind the discovery of a sadistic crime, and would see pieces of bodies with his eyes.
He tells us that, on Monday night to Tuesday, he usually waited for the arrival of buses that regularly pass through the area.
It was close to the road intersection to the Romans and to the Turks.
The taxi driver says he spotted the murdered woman in the rearview mirror, next to the villagers with cadavers supported by an indicator showing nearby locations.
She arrived at night with the Massaro race at 1.30pm.
The car left her at ten metres from the pedestrian crossing from Pacani, exactly at the corner where the kilometre is.
The villagers were shaken by the signboard.
After she left the bus, I went ten metres on the road to her.
I opened the bag and, after putting in a bag, I asked: 'Ma'am, but what smells so bad here?'
I saw that she was an old woman, and I asked to help her.
I thought he was bringing meat to the market, for sale, maybe he has mine, I had nowhere to know.
I also thought that he might want to spit on someone with the smelly urchin meat of the garden.
She tried to lift a bag on her own, and I repeatedly tried to help her.
I put my hand on the top of the bag where it was tied.
"He made it clear to me to take her to the big gate of the market, when I took her off the bus," grandmother Mihai began to tell.
We could no longer stand in the car.
He added that the woman was saying absolutely nothing, and therefore he was no longer curious to ask her anything.
By the time I arrived, I had spoken nothing, because I was nervous that he had hit my car.
And when he threw the sacks out of the car, I noticed that they smelled even worse.
She threw sacks out of the baggage.
When I got back in the car, I went two metres back to get back, and I realised that I could no longer stand in the car.
We left the bag open and moved the car up and down, so that the smell disappeared.
On the bus, I did not see if she was helped to climb the sacks, because we had lights on the back and we could not see well in the windows.
"There were two plastic sacks and one plastic shelf," the man added.
Seeing the woman's strange behaviour, he says curiosity has begun to subdue him.
In my mind, I realised that something was wrong.
After she laid down her sacks, I went to the hospital, to the City Hall, and when I came back, I particularly forgot to see what the woman was doing with her baggage.
In the meantime, she was pulling the bag after the fence, where there are also droppings inside the market.
Then we left again.
There was little agitation, because a microbus from Italy and a bus arrived.
We saw how the woman went to their drivers to get into them, disappear, but probably the drivers did not want to take her, because they have international flights, and they do not take passengers on occasion.
The woman was very agitated, walking around and knocking.
At one point, the woman entered Peco and, out of curiosity, I asked an outside employee what she had done inside.
The employee replied that he had gone and washed his hands.
Then I asked him where the police patrol would be, because we saw it a while ago.
We looked for them and found them coming to the market.
I showed them the woman and told them that it was something suspicious.
"Then we went to another place, a race to Belcesti," grandmother Mihai added.
He also told us that the woman had become agitated after leaving her luggage on the shelves.
For me, the suspicion came from the fact that the bag was missing, and I was curious what he had done with it.
When the policemen came to her, they asked her what she was doing there and pointed to me, saying that I had warned her that she had a suspicious luggage.
Then the woman went to the bins and showed them the baggage.
"I returned to the place where he hid the saints around 3pm, when I made statements to the police and prosecutors on the spot," the taxi driver concluded.
Prosecutors in Nantes, who are investigating the case, say 64-year-old teacher Ana Zaharia was caught by cameras at a Roman gas station at 0.55 am, taking the three villagers on a bus.
She arrived at the Frumos Fair at 1.30 p.m.
According to investigators, she would have killed her husband, with whom she had been married for four years, with a knife, then dragged him into the house.
The man's name was Gheorghe Zaharia, and he was a retired officer.
On Sunday evening, the woman put the pieces of the corpse in two plastic bags, which she transported to the garage, and hid them.
The other night, he transported another one, then decided in which direction to go, and chose the bus Bucharest - Gates.
Yesterday, the prosecutors still did not know where the woman hid her husband's internal organs, nor her genitals.
The head, however, was found wrapped in newspapers and bags in a desk in the woman's apartment.
She was retired, as was her husband.
Until yesterday, the prosecutors did not find out from the woman what was the reason for killing her husband with so cold blood and sadism.
Most likely, the professor will have psychological expertise, and the body will be examined by legal doctors to officially determine the cause of death and any other relevant details.
The municipality took over national roads from the municipality, after years ago they had been taken over by the government, in order to be paved with money from the national budget in the 2004 election campaign.
The decision was taken yesterday by the Local Council (CL), and in order for it to be applicable, a government decision must be taken.
Some sources say that the transfer of administrative rights from the Regional Directorate of National Roads was a condition for the institution to give its opinion on the General Urban Plan (GAP).
The city hall has taken over a network of 11km of roads.
In any case, a legislative amendment that was adopted in July 2015 obliges the municipality to take over the national roads that transit the municipality.
No opinion can be issued from the National Roads if the law is not respected, so it was necessary to approve this.
National roads have come under our administration since today.
"Of course, the government's decision will also have to be issued in line with this Local Council decision," said acting Mayor Mihai Chirica.
National roads crossing the municipality are DN 24 and DN 28.
National Road 28 passes through the Castle on the following roads: Pacurari Street, Munteni Street (at the semafor), Moara de Foc, Strpungerea Silvestru, Silvestru Street, St. Nicolae Iorga, St. Primverii, Calea Chiinului, uora Street until exiting the municipality to Tometi - Albia.
The other national road, DN 24, includes Bucium road, Socola street (to the traffic light), Bucium street (to base 3), Chiinu Road, Tudor Vladimirescu street, C.A. Rosetti street and exit to Crlig-Sculeni.
Radu Gyr and Eliade
Continuing to describe files from Mircea Eliade's 'dosary' of youth political sympathies which, however condensed, would be presented beyond the dimension of a daily article and should be broadcast in a series, I think it is worth recalling the friendship between Radu Gyr and Mircea Eliade, one of the most vehement charges used by the Romanian great savant's detractors.
A less humorous description would, I hope, be useful in the real debate that the recent so-called "anti-legislative" law would bring to the Romanian intellectual community.
Analyzing critically the various versions that talked about Eliade's inclusion in the Legiune via the "Axa" Cube and Radu Gyr, Florin urcanu brings into question, in Mircea Eliade's volume.
Prisoner of History (Bucureti, 2003), another hypothesis, which interests us most in understanding the resumption of correspondence contacts between Radu Gyr and Eliade in 1968, after Ceausescu had played the " balcony scene" in August of that year.
Based on documents signed by Radu Gyr under pressure during the 1941 Security Inquiry, documents preserved today in the SRI archives (FD, File 573, f.15), as well as a 1938 tracking note, Florin urcanu says "Eliades will not enter their group, but in the so-called "legionary family" called Luminia, a group of "colleagues" of intellectuals, especially writers, led by poet Radu Gyr".
As for the Luminia dome, there is no verifiable data at all, with those in exile considering the existence of this questionable 'legionary family', what needs to be discussed is, after all, the context in which this information was recorded on the file.
Leaving aside the surprising readiness of the SRI to make these secret files available to Mr urcanu, it is more than obvious that, at that time, the aim of the pursuit of security was 'Commander' Radu Gyr, Eliade's mention being made, according to the note of 21 March 1938, in the context in which Armand Calinescu, the Minister of the Interior, was given the freedom to take all necessary measures to enable King Carol to impose his Royal Dictatorship, suspending parliamentary life and eliminating the main political force of the legionaries who were beginning to enjoy unexpected popularity (the All for Country Party was third in the 1937 elections).
Eliade's arrest was carried out as a result of this note, quoted by Turcanu: "Eliad Mircea, a writer and journalist, a member of the Legionary Movement in 1935 in the group of writers and poets led by Professor Radu Demetrescu Gyr."
As far as I am concerned, I see this note as a subtle bureaucratic cover for the 1938 repression, and it is likely that such superficial notes were made repeatedly for the vast majority of legionaries or publicly active sympathizers who were to be arrested, but who were to be linked by an important legionary leader.
The above-mentioned audio declaration by Radu Gyr, who was arrested in February 1941 after the collapse of the legionary rebellion, only confirms it retrospectively at first, the trivial method of bureaucratic cover in any authoritarian police regime.
It would have been interesting if Turcanu had given more details about the contents of the 573 file cited.
Was it Eliade's or Radu Gyr's file?
Because in any case, it must be a dossier built on the basis of safety documents, but then processed by the Security to be used either against or against each other.
There is an equation here, as in the case of the use of the term'movement' of the Movement, which only someone who knows the composition of the internal structures of this radical organisation based on a religious foundation knows that it represents a preliminary, test phase, in which the person in question behaves as an active sympathizer, in the trial period of three years before becoming a 'camarad' with good deeds.
Also, all these forms of secondary organisation such as intellectual clubs or seminars, sit-ins, village discussion groups, youth or student organisations gravitating around a cup, were his 'family', not his own cup, as a final form of political and action organisation.
This kind of nuance completely escapes the unsuspecting reader by making the status of Eliade's "memoire" (which can be plausible) understood and used ad literm to designate political registration in the home.
Of course, invoking subtle interpretations of this kind cannot hide public activity in support of the Charter, nor can it hide the clear sympathy for the Captain who animated Eliade between 1935 and 1940, whether in the presence of Nae Ionescu or not.
Publicly supporting a cause in which you believe does not necessarily mean, however, also registering your own so-called politics, all the more so because, as a rule, intellectuals of this kind retain a kind of superiority to activists as such and enter politics only when they are directly granted high privileges.
As much as I have been able to form an opinion about the type of thinking of Eliade at that time, in which he was the 'leader of the young generation', it is hard for me to believe that he would have accepted the hierarchical rigors of a legionary.
And Radu Gyr did not have the intellectual ascendancy of Nae Ionescu, however!
That is to say, in passing, that in any legionary 'document', what is received is anti-Semitic public activity and violence, both worthy of stigmatisation, but non-existent in the case of Eliade, until further proof.
Concerning Eliade-Gyr's correspondence between 1968 and 1969, Mircea Handoca, an enthusiastic defender of Eliade, tries to penalise Florin urcanu's claims (although based on some archival documents, even if they would have deserved to be disseminated and contextualised more seriously) with a nonetheless questionable argument.
Mircea Handoca notes in New Guns on Mircea Eliade (Bucurest, 2006) that "no line in the correspondence between Mircea Eliade and Radu Gyr contains any hint of this connection".
Nor was it like in 1968, when, having emerged somewhat alive from the communist shadows, Radu Gyr could not have risked any hint in a letter that was obviously intercepted by censorship.
What I think Mircea Handoca wanted to point out is that the tone of these letters sent by Radu Gyr was respectful, admirable and devoted with no doubt to Eliade's rise.
Indeed, there is not even the slightest suggestion that Radu Gyr would ever have been the head of Eliade.
The wise poet, obliged to write in the Voice of the Motherland, devours his obscene condition from the top of the page by signalling to Eliade (who knew exactly what mission the publication concerned had, which was constantly concerned with denigrating the right-wing exile), in sign, after "your old friend", what to expect, and is visibly relieved and happy when he responds to him affectionately after nearly three decades of separation since the "viclean time" took them away.
There is no doubt that, beyond the'mission' he had been entrusted with (to persuade Eliade that now, in the new Romania, he could at least return calmly to see his mother and friends again) and which he skilfully fulfils with short sentences, separated from paragraphs, to suggest their character as foreign bodies, Radu Gyr shows his interest only in literature.
Not a word of hesitant noises, refined political complications suggested or any invocation of the years of youth in a register other than that of culture.
It is hard to believe that Radu Gyr would have been superior to Eliade's legionary line, but until this version is strengthened with less circumstantial evidence than that provided by Florin urcanu, we have in this correspondent buried memories that testify to a mutual appreciation of characters who have marked our culture differently but staunchly, and who, beyond the terrible trials of life, find the tone of inter-war civilisation and education.
Important human and cultural documents and, why not? pillars for the strength of friendship and mutual respect beyond the fate 'under the weather' of the authors.
In the early 1970s, Eliade finally gives up refugee status by obtaining US citizenship and, on the pretext of health problems and flood disasters in the country, announces to the RSR authorities, via the embassy (with which he carried a correspondence used sporadically to obtain a passport for his wife), that he cannot take up the invitation to return to the country.
The next was foreseeable: he is again on the index, the 'Toladot business' is shown in Israel, books sent to his family and friends (Fragments d'un journal, Gallimard, 1973) are stopped by censorship, he never meets his mother again.
Of the friends in the country, only Noica has more sporadic correspondence, although, surprisingly, as a personal archive in Chicago shows, a large number of Romanian individuals or institutions are still able to send messages to her.
It is clear why Radu Gyr was no longer allowed to write to him after 1969.
And after 1977, when the Ceausescu regime tried Eliade's second conviction operation (by official invitations, Noica's actions, translations, etc.) Radu Gyr was already in the past.
New coach, foreign player
Due to a shortage of indigenous volleyball players, Penicilina Iai competed in sports tournaments in Serbia, Montenegro, Bulgaria and Poland.
Athletes participate in training tours under coach Dan Gavril
Relegated in the first half of the year from the Women's Volleyball Division A1, Penicilina Iai retained her place in the first round thanks to the withdrawal and then dismissal of the Scientija Miroslava, recently promoted in the first round following a bargaining tournament in the same town.
The news took a little unprepared leadership from the incumbent group, which woke up without a head coach (after Rares Puni's departure, he finished second at the Bacu School) and many missing players, some withdrawn like Cristina Lungu and freestyle Diana Studineanu, or left, like Ana-Maria Berdil (the Alba Blaj Volleyball champion) and sisters Maria and Iuliana Fica.
Of course, until the restart of the championship scheduled for 10 October, there was still time to complete the lot.
First, a new coach was found in the person of Dan Gavril, who came from the men's team LPS Piatra Neam and who has also worked a little in recent years in Penicilina, and he is about to sign a contract with the group headed by Vasile the Left.
Two Miroslava School players, Raluca Pichiu and Tatiana Diaconi, were then brought in, with several foreign players from Bulgaria, Serbia, Montenegro and Poland also being tried, closer to the transfer being hard-core Katarina Jovanovic (from Amiens, France) and Montenegrin Jelena Cvijovic (Zrenjanin).
Earlier this month, the Penicilina flight led by Dan Gavril conducted a cantonment at the Gura Humorului, after which it participated in a tour held in Lugoj and equipped with the Banat Cup, in which the winners achieved a victory victory (3-0 with Cluj University), but also suffered two failures, 0-3 with CSM Lugoj and SCMU Craiova.
Next week, from September 23rd to September 25th, Penicilina will take part in another tour, in Craiova.
We are trying to build a valuable team for the new championship.
We have a skilled and experienced coach, but the players' fund in Romania is quite small, and that is why we will also appeal to volleyball players from abroad, especially after the decision has been made that teams can use an unlimited number of players from outside the country.
This decision will affect the new generation of sportspeople in Romania's clubs.
"We hoped to reach the end of the competition year in the 5-6, even if it will be very difficult," said Vasile Left, ACS President Penicilina Iasi.
An emotional meeting.
Men reunited after nearly 70 years
The twins George Skrzynecky and Lucian Poznanski, 69, were born at the end of World War II in Germany, after their Polish mother had just been released from a labour camp.
Because she was too ill to care for them, the twins were sent to Poland for adoption, leaving the two brothers separated not only from the one who gave them life, but also from the other.
For decades George and Lucian did not know each other's existence.
At the age of 17, George discovered documents showing that he was adopted and that he had a brother.
In the 1960s, he asked the Red Cross to help him find his brother, but they did not find any traces leading to Lucian.
It was not until 2015, thanks to the Red Cross's 'Restoring Family Links' programme, that the twins met again, and the time was more than exciting.
BBC reporters were surprised by the episode.
Ten Home Children Bring Four Sports Dance Medals Home From Stuttgart
Two gold, one silver and one bronze medals were won by successful children at the German Open Championship in Stuttgart, an international sport dance competition organised by the German Sport Dance Federation and the World Sport Dance Federation.
Five families from the House who train at the Dance Energy Club danced alongside 9,000 athletes from 20 countries.
The 10 successful children participated in five different categories (juvenile 1, juvenile 2, junior 2, youth and amateur).
Those who returned home with medals were the fencers: Razvan Andrei Zaharia and Ana Maria Tarzianu (two gold and one silver medals), Vlad Constantin Donosa and Otilia Shefana Gologan (a bronze medal).
Three other families also managed to take the lead: Bogdan Stelian Duminica and Sara Maria Dolniceanu, Vlad Ene and Antonia Ioana Iosub Cujba, and not least Andrei Emilia and Raluca Elena Ionita.
As a coach, I was very keen to reconfirm the results achieved in March of this year, which is necessary both for us as coaches and for the athletes in terms of their future development.
The fact that we have been able to hear Romania's anthem twice this year at the German Open and to return home with four medals gives us enormous joy and gives us hope and confidence that we can raise both the club and its athletes to the highest possible level.
"All of this would only be possible with a few important elements: involvement, respect, confidence and a lot of work," said Andreea Ramona Manolache, the children's coach at the Dance Energy Club.
Romania was represented this year by 34 clubs in the country, winning a total of 9 medals, placing our country fourth out of the 20 participating countries.
It should be noted that of the nine medals, four came to the Gates.
6 ways to get rid of stress in one minute
Few of us allow ourselves to escape for a weekend in the mountains to escape the stress.
Some of us have our time, others - finances, and others both obstacles.
However, there are solutions available to anyone who wants to get rid of a bit of stress.
They involve neither high costs nor special time allocated, according to lyla.ro.
The day-to-day threats are inevitable, but it is up to us how we deal with them and what attitude we take to them.
Instead of going indoors and feeling an implosion taking place in your mind, try the following relaxation tactics that do not rob you of more than a minute.
Additional breathing
Breathing exercises are not only for soloists or yoga practitioners.
They work for any individual, and regulating breathing at a stressful time helps release endorphins in the body, which leads to a state of relaxation, Livestrong reports.
Be a Child
We know that we have passed the age of childhood and are no longer able to adjust when we have new leaders.
But that does not mean that we cannot go into a corner of the office building or wherever we think we are alone (even behind the building) and not type in how our beds are.
You can get rid of nerves and negative energy accumulated during a day with a few healthy meals.
Imagine a beautiful place
We know that the recommendation sounds like a replica from a psychotherapy session, but psychologists do not often use it.
Imagination of a beautiful place, which inspires us calmly and relieves us of the daily frenzy, can help to alleviate the ageing of our nerves.
It is really self-suggestion, and it can actually change lives for the better and for the worse.
It all depends on what we self-assess.
The best thing is to get to an idyllic place that offends our souls.
Listen to music
Put your castles in your ears and listen to relaxing music.
Attention, this is not your favourite music, because if it's heavy metal you might find it difficult to relax.
You even listen to relaxing melodies, which are straightforward and do not contain verses, in order to regain the balance when the substance is hot.
Decoupled a portfolio
Was the advice of decoding a wall to the nerves strange?
Well, it is not!
Because it is not about the fruit itself, because it does not contain miraculous substances or Xanax to totally disconnect us (at the moment, too totally).
It is about aromatherapy!
The smell of the orange juice, while drying, stimulates the brain to produce endorphins, the hormone of good old age.
Catching an animal
Those who have animals nearby, whether it is the home pet or the one who has drowned near the workplace, take a few seconds to swallow them.
According to the US National Centre for Infectious Diseases, animal manure can reduce blood pressure.
horn and rock with violin and guitar
Two musicians endowed with somewhat rival instruments, but collaborating in this acoustic project, sing Enescu, Vivaldi, Bach, Piazzola, Brahms, Mancini, Brubeck, Jobim, Django, Zeppelin, Purple, Queen, Floyd, as well as famous pieces of Roman folklore combining violin and guitar.
The acoustic project belongs to musicians Cristian Horia and Emilian Florentin Gheorghe and is titled WHEN Violin Meets Guitar, hotnews.ro writes.
Florentin: "We found each other, and since then it has been a great pleasure to sing together, with a practically unlimited repertoire."
We told ourselves that this was the moment a widow met a guitarist.
Cristi: "From the first meeting we realised that what we were singing was heard very well and that, from the human point of view, things worked."
Each of us has learnt from the repertoire of the other, and what is very important is that the sounds of the two instruments match.
Florentin: "I know there is a gap between the people of classical music and the rest."
I think a lot of people can listen to classical music.
Secondly, we are also stealing a Queen, a Deep Purple, our old rockers and, of course, jazz.
We want to find the bridge between genres, we want to provide a kind of music that could make those who listen only to classical music listen to rock as well, and those who listen only to rock get to enjoy classical music as well.
And I was surprised to hear at the end of a concert that they never imagined that they would listen to something like this and that they would like it.
Cristi: "When we find young people - and we find more and more young people - who know who Pink Floyd was, it seems formidable to us."
High school students stuck in traffic more than at school on holiday's first day
Hundreds of failures were 'captivated' yesterday morning in infernal traffic in several areas.
The city hall announced today the closure of Mangeron boulevard (left bank of Bahlui Mal), between Tudor Vladimirescu and the Red Bridge.
The mayors failed to honour their promises to carry out work to streamline traffic with the start of the school year.
One of the assurances that the municipality has given, at least twice in recent weeks, has been the re-establishment of the giraffe in the International Sea area.
Although only a few provisional elements had to be mounted and the last deadline for carrying out the work was the end of last week, yesterday the tour was not carried out.
The drivers' nerves were stretched to the maximum on Nicolae Iorga and Cantemir, given that another City Hall promise was also breached: the move of Nicolae Iorga's customs work to Tehnopolis "at the latest by the end of August", in a context where the transfer has been under discussion since 2012.
Currently, interim Mayor Mihai Chirica says the issue at the International Garage is more complicated.
The toll will be made at the right time, we need to take into account the traffic of trams in the area, we also need an opinion from the National Roads.
"It's not like in Zimbabwe, where there's time for the tram to stay in the cycle, but we'll sort it out," Chirica said.
One solution, according to him, would be to stop the tram with a traffic light before the tour.
There have also been problems in circulation at the crossing of the Red Bridge.
The crowd of cars on St Lazar Street stretched all the way to SRI headquarters.
"I have waited good minutes to get out to the Red Bridge," a failure said.
Trams to the UGC were due to run through the Red Bridge in September, if the rehabilitation project "Development and rehabilitation of the South functional artery" was completed within the initial deadline (31 July 2015).
There are two projects that complete the original one.
"We attracted European funds for new works, for example, overhaul, on the original version the Nicolina pass was narrow," Chirica commented.
The latest deadline for the reintroduction of tram traffic is October.
Earlier yesterday, the Estonians reported traffic problems, particularly in areas such as Pacurari, Centre (Trgu Cucu, Independence, Armenian Street) or the intersection of Base 3.
Adomnitsa could return as head of the JHA.
Over the next few days, he will know for sure.
The Court's judges will decide tomorrow whether the suspended President of the Council of Ministers will be kept under judicial control and prohibitions.
The Magistrates of the Supreme Court yesterday resolved a new term in the "Album" file, in which the indictee is also the suspended President of the Supreme Council.
At the end of yesterday's sitting, the magistrates decided to speak tomorrow on the measure of judicial control currently imposed against Adomnia.
The latter wants to locate or revoke this measure, which has kept him away from the chair of the CJ for several months.
In the event of a favourable solution, and if it is also maintained by the upper court, Cristian Adomniei will be able to resume his function as President of the Court of Justice.
Adomnitsa was sued by the National Anti-Corruption Directorate (DNA), accused of favouring the perpetrator and intellectual falsification after, prosecutors say, he tried to cover up an audit check that revealed a number of irregularities regarding receipt from a public counterpart signed between the CJ and Laser Co.
Adomnitsa would have tried to hide the fact that the institution she headed would not have received more promotional materials from the State of the East, although scripture indicated that these materials were received by the CJ.
He was also accompanied by three directors of the CJ, as well as the manager of Laser Co.
Still 3,500 seats awaited for vote by 25 September
The city hall is ready to distribute more questionnaires, if the 12,000 are exhausted.
The Estonians have only ten days to express their opinion on the replanting of the teas on the Great Stephen Square.
According to municipal officials, about 8,500 of the 12,000 questionnaires distributed to neighbourhood centres and three additional points in the city (Copou Park, Alexander the Good Square and the Town Hall) have been completed so far.
A record number of failures occurred in front of the City Hall on Sunday.
According to representatives of the civic group "The Bird Loves the Tree", 530 voters voted in 140 minutes, or nearly four votes expressed per minute.
Instead, during the whole of Monday, around 440 failures occurred in the same place.
The group's volunteers say many failures call for inefficient public consultation signalling and publicisation.
They therefore called on Internet users yesterday to print an information poster made available by the group and to put it on the block shelves.
Volunteers also indicated that at the additional point in Copou Park the last forms were completed by the weekend Sunday.
We will provide forms from the neighbourhood centres, where there is not much completion.
"We will make any additions when all 12,000 forms are completed," municipality spokesman Sebastian Buraga said yesterday.
The "Story of trees" will end on September 25th, and if the majority of residents vote in favour of replanting trees then the City Hall will plant the silver tree this autumn.
Citizens can express their opinion at the neighbourhood centres in Dacia, Frumoasa, Tataras, Nicolina and Pacurari, as well as in the additional points mentioned above.
The mayor's chiefs decided to cut teeth on Stephen the Great in early 2013, which brought a fine of 60,000 lei to the municipality.
The decision was taken unilaterally, without consulting the public, and led to the spontaneous emergence of the civic group "The Lion Loves the Tree", an online community of about 13,500 people.
In the virtual environment, a petition initiated by the civic group for the replanting of teeth was signed by more than 9,100 supporters until yesterday evening.
RECORD of students enrolled in USAMV Halls!
920 in the first year
The university has 920 first-year students this year.
Representatives of the "Ion Ionescu of Brad" University of Agricultural Science and Veterinary Medicine made it clear that this year they were the most admitted candidates ever in the history of the higher education institution since its establishment.
We are very pleased with the results of this year's admission.
We have the largest number of admitted candidates in the history of the university, almost 920 students in the first year. We have never exceeded such a number.
"We also had candidates with higher averages, we occupied our positions from the budget to the bachelor's and master's degree," said Professor Ioan enu, professor responsible for teaching work.
He also stated that the university also registered a considerable number of students at a fee, occupying 20% of those seats, a significantly higher figure than in previous years.
Although the results of the Romanian-language study lines have also been published, admission to the English-language study programme at the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, which has contested 50 places, where the fee is EUR 5,000, is still continuing, and a response is now awaiting from the ministry regarding the confirmation of students' files and the necessary study visas.
At the autumn session, a total of 120 files were submitted for the 14 budgeted seats and 209 submitted for "tax" examinations.
The most files were submitted to the Faculty of Agriculture, 75 of them, 23 to Horticulture and 22 to Zootechnie.
At the master's, 18 files were submitted in the autumn session, on the 150 fee places proposed by USAMV, seven of them in Agriculture, five in Horticulture and six in Zootechnology.
Drivers fear entering cracks on Tudor Vladimirescu Bridge with car wheels
The bridge over the Bahlui on Tudor Vladimirescu Boulevard has remained as desolate as it was when 'Day of the Hill' wrote about the problems it presents 10 days ago.
Our daily reporters then signalled that on the axis separating the two sides of the bridge, asphalt had been left behind, defending deep pits, some even 20 centimeters deep, through which the concrete slabs representing the primary infrastructure of the bridge can be seen.
Asphalt has also begun to be measured on one side and the other of the axis, indicating signs that the depths will increase.
At the time, acting Mayor Mihai Chirica said the bridge had no structural problems, with a recent technical expertise being carried out to start a project to rehabilitate the bridge and tram line, worth 5m euros.
Mayor Chirica said the area affected by cracks and pits would be signalled, with asphalt repairs to be carried out quickly.
The only measures taken so far, however, have been the installation of signposts and a signalling bench, without even a simple sealing.
During this period, we have focused more on the opening of the school and the work required for this purpose.
"There is ongoing punctual expertise for the bridge that we are expecting in about a week with the details necessary for intervention, I appreciate that in at least two weeks we could move on to remedying the situation," the acting mayor said.
Early school year
Yesterday, my oldest son, Stefan, started school.
The preparatory class, as he tries to improve the situation.
I do not know whether to rejoice or let myself be swallowed up by melancholy; I lean, passively, towards the second option.
Firstly, because I have the feeling that it is only three weeks, not three years, since we first took him to the hill with emotion.
Although he breathes comfortably, no normal parent is happy to raise their children.
Secondly, because I remember perfectly well the same day in my childhood; a story started then that is still unfinished to this day.
I was not really what is usually called a conscious student.
On the contrary, I would say.
But I always liked school.
So much so that I have chosen to continue to attend it, even as a professor.
When I decided that this was what I wanted to do my whole life, I knew it was not an easy job.
And not one with a bit.
That is because, like every one of us, I have given all sorts of teachers: better or worse, nicer or unbearable, thinner or quite imbecile.
Unfortunately, there are also people with other requests in this breach.
I think they are toxic, because they harm the enthusiasm and even the mind of a young person willing to form.
I have been lucky enough to give, as a student or student, more than a few, few, exceptions.
These meetings can be decisive if they are held at the right time.
Those who believe that the role of the cathedral is merely to pass on information are bitterly wrong.
Anyone can do that; by being informed, the student can be very well informed by himself that we are only living in an era of transparency.
A good teacher, however, shapes the minds of alumni.
It shapes them, it makes them think.
Being in the cathedral is not a privilege, as I often believe, but a great responsibility.
Young people are very smart, they are demanding, they are unforgiving and they are always willing to look for hives for those in front of them.
That is how their age, their temperament, dictates.
When I was a teenager, we all thought we knew everything, that we were absolutely certain of everything.
When we mature, we come to understand that we have only doubts.
That is why the role of a teacher is to get the teenager out of his or her self-sufficiency and make him think.
That is, to start to doubt, to ask questions.
To discover the answers on its own, whether they are provisional or not.
To get involved in everything it does.
Turn it discretely towards profitable models.
It is very difficult, especially as the student often believes that the teacher is his enemy.
One who is just waiting to put him on the wrong foot in order to punish him.
However, this justifies him, the purely incomprehensible, rebel, bound to live to the full demands of his age, to look at the cathedral with suspicion.
He simply cannot naturally accept his attempt to order it.
Teenagers are not being kept up to date, they are not accepting restrictions.
Or, if I get the impression that they do, they somehow retaliate.
And, unfortunately, when there is a rigid person in the cathedral, who imposes himself through hardship and does not communicate, the pupils retaliate against the object taught.
There are thousands of such teenagers who miss meetings with great writers, for example, due to the lack of tact of the Romanian professor.
There are thousands of such students who have the impression that history is a bag of data, that mathematics is anything that can be more boring to their uneducated minds.
I always urge my students: if you give to a teacher you do not swallow, who does not know how to communicate from person to person with you, do not let him take you away from the literature to which you should be directed.
How did it happen that I became the boss myself?
I had a very good teacher in classes VI to VIII.
He opened my mind to some texts that spoke to the then-adolescent in his own words.
I also met, in high school, a university professor who opened my door to his library.
I looked at him as if he were from another world: his walls were covered with bookshelves full of books.
I was lost in his library and dreaming of having one too.
Now I may have one, but if it had not put my fate in my way, I might have decided to become a football player.
Or an engineer or a lawyer or who knows what.
I do not think that such meetings are accidental.
I do not believe in gambling.
It is essential to give the man who takes the hand over you and to move patiently towards your own vocation.
And this is often the professor.
Now, my experience helps me to talk only about what it means to teach literature.
It is just that literature cannot be taught.
There is no professor of literature, just as there is a professor of mathematics.
How do you put the inefficiency into concepts?
You can, at most, approach him without the presumption that you are transmitting marketed truths.
The one in the cathedral can best guide reading, that is quite different.
But above all, it can enable miraculous encounters between a reader and books.
They are meetings that can change the life of the banker.
They are meetings that can open their minds, that can raise their heads above their eyes, to say the least.
That is why the teacher of literature must, first and foremost, succeed in making his students understand (feel) that there is no divorce between literature and life.
On the contrary!
A great co-chairman, Al. Paleologu, said something that was only seemingly paradoxical: 'So much literature, so much life, not the other way around!' and he was right.
That is why a good teacher prepares you for life, does not make you a specialist in an open field anyway.
Fortunately, we always have something to learn.
We, too, are teachers; or above all, we are teachers.
Most of the time, a great truth is repeated only out of inertia: it is not only students who have to learn from their teachers, but vice versa.
Ideally, the teacher should be a teacher and the student a student.
Who, like any worthy young man, leaves his master when he discovers his own way.
Few find it, rightly so.
But it was the master who lit the spark.
I do not think there is any greater happiness for a bloody teacher than to bear as many such separations as possible.
Bogdan Creu is director of the Romanian Philology Institute "A. Philippide", the Romanian Academy, the Branch and a doctoral university lecturer at the Faculty of Letters at the University "Al.I.Cuza"
FIFA inquiry expands
US, Swiss judiciary to face further arrests
The US and Swiss authorities have announced that they will launch criminal prosecutions in the case of new individuals and organisations, as part of the investigation into FIFA corruption, the international press reports.
US Justice Minister Loretta Lynch announced at a press conference in Zurich on Monday that the scope of investigations into corruption in world football has been broadened.
"On the basis of our co-operation and on the basis of new evidence, we will undertake further criminal prosecutions against new individuals and new organisations," Lynch said.
In May, several senior FIFA officials were arrested in Switzerland in this case of corruption.
Many of them have already been extradited to the US.
"We have hope that other wanted people will also reach the US," Lynch added.
Switzerland's Attorney General Michael Lauber, who also attended the press conference, said his institution had seized a number of goods, including housing and land in the Alps, as well as financial assets, as part of an investigation conducted in collaboration with the US.
"We didn't even get to the end of the first prize," Lauber said.
So far, a very large amount of information, 11 terrabytes, has been seized.
At the same time, 121 bank accounts are under investigation.
A media rights contract for the 2010 World Cups in South Africa and 2014 - Brazil - has also been brought to the attention of the investigators.
FIFA is facing a major corruption scandal after the US judiciary indicted 14 people, including two FIFA Vice-Presidents and seven officials of the forum.
The detainees have been under investigation for bribery and other ill-treatment since the early 1990s, totalling more than USD 150 million.
Following this scandal, Swiss Joseph Blatter announced in early July that he was stepping down as FIFA President after being re-elected for the fifth time.
Fights as movies at the theatre
In Milan's Supekombat gala, Italian Catalin Moroshanu to fight "bestia" James Wilson
A number of Romanian fighters, including "scorpion" Catalin Moroshanu, will participate in the Superkombat gala at Milan's Linear 4 Ciak theatre on 2 October, the last before the November final, MEDIAFAX said in a statement.
We were impressed by the atmosphere last year and, as we promised, we will come back this autumn with a new five-star gala.
If we have chosen an unprecedented venue, a theatre, then we promise fights like in movies.
We will have eight Romanian fighters in the programme of the event.
In addition to matches with already established stars, we will have another opening gala, which will include the best fighters of the new generation, including Romania's Cristi Spetcu, Cristian Stancu and Amansio Paraschiv.
"The full programme will also be announced soon," promoter Eduard Irimia said.
Catalin Moroshanu will compete in the Superkombat World Grand Prix Final Elimination with American James Wilson, known for taking part in Japan's last heavyweight pyramid in 2012 and numerous bodybuilding concussion awards.
I am only waiting to fight in Italy.
I saw Wilson, he is indeed a beast, but I demolish him!
I am still upset that last year we were unable to fight in the end, so I will now fight him.
"From beast to chick," Moroshanu said.
Defeated in 2015, the brothers Andrei and Bogdan Stoica will have their last encounters in Italy before fighting for world titles on November 7th in the grand final.
Last year, both pushed through KO in Italy, and now they promise to repeat the scenario.
I am happy to be back in Italy, last year's atmosphere was incredible.
"I'm just waiting to meet the fans there and promise them a new unforgettable performance," said world champion Andrei Stoica.
In Milan, Raul Catinas will also fight an opponent to be determined.
A girl invited the Queen of England for her day, but also shook her in a letter
A British girl sent an invitation to Queen Elizabeth to attend her birthday.
At the same time, the six-year-old girl congratulated Regina on her longest reign, but did not forget to mention that she was not allowed access to the Buckingham Palace when she went to visit it with her family.
The letter did not go unnoticed, but the girl received a reply from representatives of the Royal House.
The Queen thanked her for her invitation, but also apologised that she would not be able to be here on 27 September, and even wished her a good time with her family and friends.
Corneliu Vadim Tudor and Adrian Paunescu were invited together to a talk show shortly before poet Adrian Paunescu died.
Both writers died of hearts.
Adrian Paunescu's and Vadim Tudor's goals are similar.
Both were writers and politicians and both died of hearts at close ages.
Adrian Paunescu is 67, Vadim Tudor is 65.
Corneliu Vadim Tudor and Adrian Paunescu were invited together in 2010, shortly before Adrian Paunescu died, to a reality TV show.
As a joke, Vadim Tudor ironised Gheorghe Flutur and criticised Elena Udrea, then tourism minister, for the situation of Romanian tourism.
At one point, Vadim Tudor laughed at Adrian Paunescu and said, "I'm envious of your posture glory, Adrian."
Paunescu, smiling as well, then replied: "It is not very praiseworthy what you have said to me now."
Adrian Paunescu died on 5 November 2010 at the age of 67.
Corneliu Vadim Tudor died today, 14 September 2015, at the age of 65.
Two INCONSTANT PEOPLE AFTER ACCIDENT IN Dumbrava
An accident occurred at around 19:00 on Monday evening in Dumbrava, Eastern County.
A cyclist was taken up by a Volkswagen car.
The cyclist was not noticed by the driver.
Fortunately, they are both stable.
As a result of the impact, the tyre and window of the car were broken.
Two injured people are unaware of this news.
A SMURD crew is on the way to provide the victims with medical assistance and transport them to the hospital.
The police are on the ground.
Syrian artist turns "Super Mario" into refugee
A Syrian artist created a refugee version of the popular game "Super Mario", which evokes the plight of his compatriots on their way to Europe.
Instead of presenting the opinions of Italian plumber Mario in the Kingdom of the Ducks, the modified video game centers on "Refugee Mario".
The staff are trying to get past human traffickers and the border police on their way to a refugee centre in the European Union.
The Istanbul-based artist uses the pseudonym Samir al-Mufti for security reasons, and said he made the video game with refugee Mario after his friends ventured on a dangerous journey to Europe to escape the horrors of war.
The youngest student at the Craiova Detenction Centre is 15 years old, in first grade
Justice Minister Robert Cazanciuc said, at the opening of the school year at the Craiova Detention Centre, that the youngest student is 15 years old and is in first grade, and the largest is 25 years old and is in 11th grade, showing that they could have a different life if they went to school.
I chose to participate in the opening of the school year in a centre belonging to the National Penitentiary Administration in order to try to draw attention, and in this way, to less known realities.
The youngest student, aged 15, is enrolled in first grade, while the largest is 25 and is enrolled in 11th grade.
"There are complicated topics that society is concerned to discuss at the moment, we are all overwhelmed by our own concerns and problems, but we should not overlook the lesson that these more than 100 young people from the Craiova Centre of Detection are giving," Minister Robert Cazanciuc said Monday at the opening ceremony of the school year.
The Minister of Justice drew attention to the fact that a lack of education, motivated in many cases by a lack of material possibilities, can lead to tragedies, stating that the young people in this centre would have had another chance in life if they had been able to follow every child's normal schooling course, if they had had the opportunity to learn not only to write, to read, but also to receive a set of moral values, to find out what compliance with the law means and what the consequences of not complying with it can have.
"The role of the prison system is not to permanently isolate people who have broken the law from society, to close them behind tall walls, but to try to reeducate and prepare them, so that when they return to the middle of the community they have more chances of reintegration," Cazanciuc added.
The minister said that there is a need to invest in schools, hospitals, roads, but there is also a need to invest in the prison system because, in many cases, conditions of detention are at the limits of humanity and because, in the absence of money and staff, it will be difficult to talk about the reintegration of convicted persons.
We are working very well with the Ministry of Education, and thanks to this partnership, there are more than 2000 graduates of school training courses every year in the prison system.
Obviously, we will not manage to change overnight what has not been done for 25 years, but there are important steps that we are taking.
"In all these actions we also need the support of society, and this support can only come if we demonstrate that we are doing our duty, that through your work these young people have a chance and are not a danger to society," Cazanciuc said.
The Minister of Justice wished both pupils and educators success, showing that success comes only through the combined effort of all.
"I sit because today is the celebration of the Ascension of the Holy Cross, I would launch an invitation to all students and teachers to visit the mausoleums of Soveja, Mrti and not only, to understand what the fight of young people for ideals means," Robert Cazanciuc said.
Russian comes to vote with ballot papers
Two plagiarised doctoral schools must be abolished!
The petition of prestigious university professors at home and abroad
More than 200 researchers, university cadres, personalities and students from the country have signed a petition launched by the Romanian Academic Society calling on the Romanian Ministry of Education and Scientific Research to evaluate, sanction and even discontinue doctoral schools "which allow and promote academic imposture".
Among the signatories to the petition launched on 10 September are teaching staff and teachers in the Houses.
Among the university signatories to the petition in the Icelandic academic community is, for example, Professor Liviu Antonesei.
At national level, the petition has names ranging from former ministers of education, such as Mircea Miclea, to cultural people who are also university educators, such as Andrei Pleu, Aurora Liiceanu or Alina Mungiu-Pippidi.
"While the Education Law provides for the evaluation of doctoral schools, this has not been done so far, thus resulting in the lack of concrete sanctions for doctoral schools that flagrantly violate ethical norms in scientific research and do not produce relevant and internationally recognised performance," the petition says.
The petition specifically calls for compliance with the National Education Act, the evaluation of doctoral schools, the suspension of the right to work for any doctoral school in which more than two plagiarisms have been found, until the situation is assessed and remedied.
The last requirement is the suspension of the right to function for any doctoral school where there is no minimum number of statutory doctoral directors who meet the criteria imposed by the National Council for Scientific Research in 2011 for eligibility to grants for IDEI-type projects.
Do you respect less a doctoral general, or a politician, or an intelligence officer in the Middle East?
"Why are there no other academies in Europe to give doctorates organised by secret services, and the top military who give their doctorate do it at autonomous academic institutions, where quality is verified by the academic environment?" said Alina Mungiu-Pippidi, president of the Romanian Academic Society, initiator of the petition, who also originated in Istanbul.
It can be completed by all applicants on the Society's website, and the final signatures will be submitted by the organisation to the Ministry of Education and Scientific Research.
We are not looking for three people with money, but 10,000 who want to get involved.
The "For Homes" party, founded by young IT managers who are not politically affiliated, was launched in Copou Park earlier in the day.
The President of the 'For the Houses' Initiative Group gave an interview to the 'House Day'
The castle will have a party dedicated exclusively to the development of the city.
A group of entrepreneurs and managers who have not been politically affiliated to date launched the For Its Party at the end of last week, an organisation that will propose candidates for the 2016 local elections.
Currently, the party's core is made up of IT specialists, but the party's founders say everyone who wants to get involved in the city's modernisation is welcome in the organisation.
The launch took place on Saturday in Copou Park and attracted more than 200 supporters, almost all young people.
The special invitation to the action was Nicuor Dan, president of the Salvai Association Bucharest.
He was the surprise of the local elections in 2012, when, as an independent, he managed to win 10% of the votes in favour of the mayor of the capital.
"The people I saw at 'For the Towers' I think are very good to join the public administration of the Tower."
I believe in this initiative, I believe that it has opportunities, I believe that it has perhaps more opportunities in a community that is smaller than Bucharest.
"I will be with 'For Himself' all the time," Nicusor Dan said.
ZDI: Why didn't you leave the House to work for an IT company abroad?
Andrei Postolache: The reasons are rather sentimental and emotional.
I have been on many short business trips and lived in Cluj for a year.
I have come back every time, because I felt that this is my home.
ZDI: Why have you now decided to set up a political party?
Andrei Postolache: Now we have reached a certain maturity, we are a group of people who have been known for some time.
We met in a professional context, we started talking about how we could get involved.
In the beginning, we engaged more timidly, in smaller things, with projects at NGOs, various municipal or charitable actions, and somehow things have evolved naturally and organicly, and now it happened to be the time when we came to the decision that we need to engage more than that.
ZDI: appoint three concrete projects to make local public administration more efficient!
Andrei Postolache: The first project consists in a minimum informationisation of the work of the municipality so that the different departments, institutions and regiments can work together as well as possible.
But, more importantly, to be able to publish transparent data on activities carried out in detail: budgets, reports, projects, etc. We are talking about information organisation.
The second would be transparency, because that leads to efficiency.
If you have a project in a particular neighbourhood, it is important to consult the people affected publicly.
When it comes to efficiency, we must not forget public transport, we have the worst buses in the country.
New means of transport must be purchased.
ZDI: Today, the image of a city matters extremely much.
How would you promote the Tower?
Andrei Postolache: Get on a plane and look for investors in this world.
They are conferences, industrial events where you can 'win' the city.
You must want to do that and know how to do it.
And here we have an advantage: we come from business and we have brought customers to the Houses.
ZDI: What is the brand of the Tower?
Andrei Postolache: In my opinion, we must be a city of technology in one way or another.
We already have the IT industry and we need to expand it, to go into medicine, to go into robotics, into 3D printing, to continue in this spirit and to bring these elements together.
I believe that the brand should be in the area of science, I am referring here to the modern brand of the city.
Of course, the Castle already has an historic brand that must not be changed, namely as a cultural city.
I see the two in balance: culture and technology.
ZDI: How will you compensate for the lack of experience in public administration, as well as the lack of traditional party structures with which elections are still being won in Romania?
Andrei Postolache: Administration is a form of management, which means organisation, planning, communication, working with people and carrying out projects.
We have management experience.
We do not want traditional structures, we are not interested.
We want to involve people, we will talk to everyone, we will not just stay on Facebook, we are not an online party.
We do not want to have 'volunteers' taken by bus.
This means that we rely on people who really want to get involved and help, and we believe that there are often people like that.
ZDI: Should the Mayor of the Tower be more concerned in promoting the city's image nationally and internationally, or is it necessary that the area of concern is always of an urban nature?
Andrei Postolache: One without the other does not work.
First of all, it has to solve today's problems, the urgencies.
Or, if you do not make your city known, if you do not attract money into the city, at some point you will run out of money and you will no longer be able to make streets, for example.
Both must be done at the same time and you must have competent people around you.
It is not the mayor who has to do everything.
We need to get rid of the mayor-teacher model, which comes and slaps the bull in the face and solves everything.
No.
We are a team.
The mayor is the co-ordinator of an orchestra.
ZDI: Will you try to attract businesspeople from the IT sector to the party who can support the party financially?
Andrei Postolache: We are looking for people who want to do something good, to have an unwavering reputation, to be clearly integrated and to be honourable.
From that point of view, we have no other filters.
We are not looking for three people with money, we are looking for 10,000 people, or why not 300,000 people, who want to get involved and do something for the city.
Interview by Alex ANDREI
Andrei Postolache has worked in the IT industry for almost 15 years.
In July 2015, he founded Introspecials, after seven years as director of the international concern Endava (2008-2015), where he co-ordinated a team of 300 people.
He spent another four years (2003-2007) at Synygy.
The company he founded together with another IT specialist provides management consulting services.
Rabla tractor programme proved a failure
SC IRUM SA Reghin General Director Mircea Oltean said the Programme to stimulate the renewal of the national park of tractors and agricultural machinery, launched in 2011, also called Rabla for tractors, was a failure due to bureaucracy.
In relation to the Rabla Programme, there have been some attempts in recent years, but it has turned out to be a failure, because the documentation was very laborious and complicated for an ordinary farmer, and the approvals were far too long, and then the world gave up.
With that programme, we managed to sell about 10 pieces.
"The need for tractors for Romanian agriculture would be 300,000 pieces," Mircea Oltean said.
According to him, IRUM Reghin is the only company that produces several hundred tractors annually, being the largest in Romania, and that much competition is exerted by companies from abroad, which know the needs of the Romanian market.
There is very much competition with those who come from outside, all the world's producers have looked at Romania, they know these things that I have told you, and they have special policies.
"There is a lot of crowding at all the fairs, all the producers are exhibiting, there are all kinds of options," Mircea Oltean stressed, adding that IRUM Reghin produces around 500 agricultural and forestry tractors annually.
Through the Rabla programme for tractors, launched in 2011, those who owned old tractors or other self-propelled vehicles, such as combines, could hand them over and receive a voucher valued at 17,000 lei in return.
Red flag raised
The Labour internal vote seems more spectacular and politically significant, as the newly elected leader automatically becomes his starting point in the upcoming elections.
Raise, therefore, the red-hot flag/ Under its feet we will live and die.
This was played yesterday by Jeremy Corbyn at London's Sanctuary House pub.
He has testified to many facts and oaths / Let us not change his colour now.
Readers who do not know the melodic line of this unofficial British and international leftist anthem (The Red Flag) can look for it on the Internet and would not be excluded from a surprise.
With our heads uncovered, let us all pray that we will carry it until we collapse.
The author of these lines is not at all an admirer of the red flags (and of those who wave them), but respects the democratic political traditions built around them.
If Jeremy Corbyn manages to unite yesterday's left with tomorrow's left, this love story between him and the Labour Party base will have a happy ending.
I do not think this will happen, but it seems premature for me to talk about the great and inevitable electoral defeat, five years from now, of a leader elected yesterday.
Now, however, we can refer to the procedures: we have witnessed an impressive democratic exercise.
It was not British Labour who invented the system of direct voting for the party leader among the Western Left.
The French Socialists have been practising for some years a more complicated, motion-based system allowing the expression of all members and sympathizers; in addition, they organised a preliminary competition for the nomination of the presidential candidate for 2012.
However, the Labour internal vote seems more spectacular and politically significant, as the newly elected leader automatically becomes his lead in the upcoming elections.
It is, of course, also a question of the political system, with power personalization being more pronounced in Britain than on the other side of the Channel.
In addition, turnout was high in all three 'races': members themselves, members of trade unions and other party-affiliated organisations and, finally, the group of supporters (who received the ballot paper after a summary registration procedure).
This latter group provides us with interesting information on the perceptions of the left-wing segments of British society, particularly those made up of young or middle-aged people, educated, interested in the political phenomenon.
Many of them will choose to become even more involved in the future, precisely because of the signal given by Corbyn's victory.
There are, as far as I know, no sociological investigations to tell us too much about the attitudes of this Labour 'external competition', so cautious speculation is allowed.
I think we are encountering quite similar attitudes to those of sympathisers Podemos (Spain) or even SYRIZA (Greece), with the observation that they will follow the traditional channels of the left.
If we are to identify a 'anti-system' vocation, it is primarily reflected in the rejection of the centrist line, the New Labour (for many, only a concealed form of much-humiliated thatcherism).
The second component would be the repudiation of leaders found guilty of two successive electoral failures, one of the arguments being that they have not gone far enough to the left, that they have not been firmly confined to the Tony Blair era.
The second benchmark - after me, even more suggestive - is provided by the recent referendum on Scotland's independence.
If we distance ourselves from the separatist message and focus strictly on aspirations on other political themes, we see how Scottish nationalists have captured the energies of sections of the public favourable to the social state and animated by the aspiration for fairness, advocating disarmament and hostile to military involvement abroad, but at the same time sensitive to the new themes of the left: ecology, gender, assistance for poor countries.
The Scottish Labourists have thus lost an electorate to which they should have had, at least in principle, privileged access, but which they can now regain (their enthusiasm for Corbyn's campaign can be seen).
Such energy exists everywhere in the UK, but the old leadership has not been able to attract it.
Jeremy Corbyn, with his career as an outsider, has more chance of success than Ed Miliband, the Labour 'aristocrat'.
Comparison with Scotland tells us more, I think, than the anti-system left on the southern periphery of Europe.
The term 'anti-system' is too hard: 'anti-establishment' seems more appropriate to me.
Until next week, we will learn more about the first steps of Jeremy Corbyn, as the leader of the opposition.
We will see whether or not the Red Flag will also resonate in the House of Commons (it would not be the first time), after the new leader has taken his place, first of all, of the opposition banks.
However, what Jeremy Corbyn now wants from his fellow Members in Parliament is first and foremost unity - and there is indeed reason to be concerned about this.
The trap of manipulation with or without knowledge
While I was writing the article, it crossed my mind to check the story on the net of the former fighter and "Syrian rebel commander Laith Al-Saleh" who became in the second part of the space dedicated by V. Marin to his person, "Jihadist Laith Al-Saleh" (the two categories - "rebel" and "jihadist" - could in themselves make me look circumspect from the start).
We did not.
In last week's article (Europe, between refugees and'refugees') we commented on two pictures in parallel - the one with the boy Aylan Kurdi found dead on the shores of the Mediterranean and the other, in fact: the two carrying out the Syrian Laith Al-Saleh once as a fighter, the second time as a refugee.
The story with Laith Al-Saleh was taken from the article 'Syrian fighters come with the wave of refugees' (signed by Viorica Marin in Truth on 3 September).
On Monday evening, I posted a link to my article on my Facebook page.
On Tuesday, when I logged onto Facebook, I found, among other things, a gesture of indignation from a friend (not just from Facebook) Marius Cristian: "I subscribe, but just a statement. Laith al Saleh is not jihadist."
On the contrary, he is fighting against Al Assad, for democracy and for choice.
"But that you could also add the handling of pearls to the picture"!
I have to admit, I felt nauseous.
All the more so as, while I was writing the article, it crossed my mind to check on the net the story of the former fighter and 'Syrian rebel commander Laith Al-Saleh' who became in the second part of the space dedicated by V. Marin to his person 'Jihadist Laith Al-Saleh' (the two categories -'rebel' and 'jihadist' - could in themselves make me look circumspect from the start).
Because we had confidence in Truth, in its journalists.
Instead, we then had no other comment on Marius Cristian's mockery: "I need it if I have (found) confidence in the Summer."
After that, obviously, I took the story for granted, and I feel obliged to readers with the correct presentation of the story of Syrian Laith Al-Saleh.
The oldest I found in an Associated Press article (Syrian rebel leader seeks Europe - Syrian rebel leader seeks Europe) signed by Nicholas Baphitis and Dalton Bennett on 17 August 2015 on the island of Kos in Greece, where they noticed, among hundreds, perhaps thousands of refugees, a man trying to make order in the chaos of the crowd.
The man was the Syrian striker Laith Al Saleh of Alep who "is used to being at the command", since he "led a unit of 700 rebels in the Syrian civil war".
We also find that Al Saleh, 30, had "a home, a wife and a normal life before he began the fight that cost more than 250,000 lives and put a third of Syria's population on the road".
In an interview with Associated Press correspondents, Al Saleh says that "all want to leave Syria".
My city is the most dangerous city in the world.
Some 70% of the city has been destroyed.
In Syria, Al Qaeda wants me, Daesh (an extremist group of the Islamic State) wants me, the government wants me - we have fought against everyone.
Besides being thrown out of a supermarket on the island, Kos would have offered him "an even more sinister meeting - with a man in which he recognised a Syrian enemy": "Two days ago, I saw a lunetist from the government forces."
I have not spoken to him, but I am still very upset.
We also find in the material that Laith (also known as Leo in Arabic) was, indeed, on his way to the Netherlands, where he had a cousin - a former senior officer in the Syrian army and then a rebel himself - and arrived in the West after he was seriously injured - hoping to get asylum and then be able to bring his family as well - his wife and a three-year-old boy (almost as old as the Syrian civil war that erupted in March 2011).
Having achieved this, Laith Al-Saleh would not have ruled out a return to Syria to continue the fight for the Syrian Free Army (backed by the West) - against three forces: the army of President Bashar Assad (backed by the Russians), the Islamic State and the Nusra Front, affiliated with Al-Qaeda.
Crazy - anyone who wants freedom must fight in Syria against not one enemy, but three!
I have also given over a Serbian material from 22 August, from which I did not understand much, except that Laith Al Saleh is associated with terrorists who come with migrants: TERORISTI SE KRIJU MEU MIGRANTIMA is the title of a news item at http://www.telegraf.rs/vesti, which is accompanied by a post with Al Saleh in leather holding a Syrian flag in his hand and that of a refugee wearing a shirt with 'THANK YOU'.
On 7 September, then, on the BBC's own website, Mike Wendling drew attention to the case of manipulation with pictures of the Syrian fighter: This viral photo falsely claims to show an IS fighter posing as a refugee - This viral photo falsely claims to show an Islamic State fighter posing as a refugee.
We find out that the photo (in fact: the photos - the one with Laith with the barb and the gun and the one with the THANK YOU shirt) was posted by a Facebook user, who would have apologised in the meantime.
Only before that, only on his wall, the image with the two pictures would have been sharked more than 70,000 times, gathering several thousand comments.
That is it, too late, the calf was leaving!
In Romania, on September 9th, Hotnews' Carla Dinu took over the BBC's story of manipulation, but mistranslated the title: "A fake photo that became viral shows an ISIS fighter pretending to be a refugee."
Obviously, it is not the photograph that is false, but the interpretation was false, wrong, in short: manipulative.
Campaignmaker at 21
Winner of the Hill Rally, Simone Tempestini secured her national rally title, becoming the youngest winner in championship history
The 2015 Cotnari Autumn Rally ended with a fantastic result for young Italian pilot Simone Tempestini, of Romanian citizenship, who at the age of 21 won all nine special tests of the most difficult stage of the National Rally Championship.
Having been the leader in the competition so far, Simone became the national champion just one stage before the final, with her baby Dorin Pulpea on a Ford Fiesta R5.
Junior Tempestini became Romania's youngest rally champion, the previous record-holder since 2011, with Valentin Porciteanu (28 years and nine months old).
In the seven stages of the National Dunlop Rally Championship, Simone won 47 special tests, and the performance at the Iai re-edits the previous one, in the Arad Rally.
Second was Simone's father Marco Tempestine (co-pilot Anton Avram, also on Fiord Fiesta R5, also from Napoca Raly Academy Cluj), and third was Hungarian teammate Gerg Szabo - Karoly Borbely on a Mitubishi Lancer Evo IXO, a performance with which he moves to second place in the overall rankings.
In the third class, Edwin Keleti won, followed by Manuel Mihalache and Dan Grtofan, and Adrian Rspopa won in the two-wheeler category.
Other winners were Adrian Dragan (Dacia Cup) and Vlad Cosma (Suzuki Cup).
The Icelandic team Dan Iamandi-Rzvan Subtirelu dropped during the eighth special.
We have had all kinds of experiences during this period.
"The positive reaction of the pilots and Federation officials makes me hope that we will also be champions in organising this year," said rally manager Dan Codreanu.
The Cotnari Town Hall was organised by XS Motorsport (manager, Dan Codreanu) in partnership with the Cotnari Company, the Town Hall Primary School, the International Hotel, Ford Town Hall - ATI Motors Holding, with the support of the Silvice Town Hall Directorate, the Town Hall Police Inspectorate, the Town Hall Jandarmi Inspectorate, the Emergency Situations Inspectorate, the Town Hall Service and the Prefecture of the Town Hall Court.