Norway's rakfisk: Is this the world's most studied fish?
Norway's five million people enjoy the highest standards of living, not only in Europe, but around the world.
Could the secret to the country's success be linked to local mistreatment of some overfish?
Take a selection of a time-old cheese.
Put them in the middle of a pile of bad, sloppy footballs.
Leave it for a week.
Now you have the smell of rakfisk, one of the great Norwegian flavours that will soothe your burns.
I live in the small town of Fagernes, about three hours from Oslo.
There's snow, a magnificent view -- and that smell is always hanging in the air.
Rakfisk is salted and fermented in water for up to a year, depending on how much fresh fish you like.
When it gets dark and the air freezes, Norwegians gather here for a festival dedicated to this most spectacular event.
Havard Halvarsen, a full-time local firefighter and so-called "Rakfisk Generali" in charge of organising the festival, says, "Don't insult it, then drink a glass of aquavit."
People around us eat small fish sticks and drink plenty.
"Some people like aquavit more than rakfisk," Havard says.
It can kill the intrinsic smell.
I'm checking out a few pieces.
If you can avoid getting under the sink, it's not bad -- no different from a sushi dish after a bit of a bus ride.
Rakfisk is a very different product of Norway's drought seasons, when fish are stored in water and salt in air-free ponds in the autumn before the fridge.
Then, in the depths of the winter, it is well fermented, taken out and, undoubtedly, replaced by smells of alcohol.
Only a generation ago, thousands of Norwegians were forced to leave their countries in search of work, mostly emigrating to the United States.
Now the population is expanding rapidly -- more than 13% are migrants drawn by the abundance of jobs, high wages and a comprehensive care system.
People are flooding for work from Sweden, a former rival and very recently much richer than Norway.
Rakfisk represents something important, a part of Norway's past that is slightly different, but vital.
Among the most expensive foods you can buy.
However, everything is expensive -- you pay £9 ($14) per small bag of beer or sandwich.
Norway is often not on the global news agenda -- and that's how many like it.
People here are still reluctant to be referred to under the name of the far-right racist Anders Breivik, who gunned down 77 men, women and children last year.
Instead, the murder is called the "July 22nd incident".
Norwegians find it hard to believe that one of their own in peaceful countries could commit such brutality and murder.
Beneath Norway's present wealth lies the growth of one of the world's largest oil and gas industries since the early 1970s.
"But oil isn't the only reason we're so good," says Anna Nordik, whose reputation for prosperity is bestowed on her long yellow hair and exhilarating blue eyes, as she distributes her timely rakfisk tepsies.
We are a modest people, you may say.
His English is perfect, as is the case with most people here.
We are not many performers, we do not like the spectacle.
Norway managed its oil wealth very carefully -- all but a small percentage of the money coming from industry is invested in a special fund for the benefit of future generations.
In the years leading up to the global financial crisis, Norway has tightened the legs of its suitcase, while not everyone else has saved the money they do not have.
"We are happy as long as we can ski in the winter and hike in the summer," Anna says.
"And as long as the rakfisk eats," he adds with a comfortable sigh of relief.
I'm standing in the snow and waiting for something to eat -- I've eaten enough rakfisk.
Now an elk hamburger is definitely something different and has a more tasty taste.
But in the evening, there's more of the fish.
One of the well-known venues that hosts my hotel's rakfisk dinner is where guests vote for the best -- and perhaps the most challenging -- fish.
There is a live TV connection over a paper-covered server with Rakfisk plates.
This is like the Eurovision song contest.
"How many points do you have for the best fish in the mountains Thor-Juergen?"
"Our points are here, Havard."
There are applause, there are applause.
A man falls from his seat, perhaps under the influence of aquavit.
Or perhaps the smell of all these fish.
Mexican Enrique Pena Nieto faces tough start
As Mexico's new president, Enrique Pena Nieto, prepares to enter the office, BBC's Will Grant looks at the challenges he faces and the mixed expectations of the public.
Currently, traffic in Mexico is particularly bad.
It is a busy city at its best, but since Monday, a steel ring has been uncovered, cutting off various main routes in the capital, causing chaos on the roads.
The aim, however, was not to prevent people from going to work, but to prevent protesters from reaching parliament.
On Saturday, Mexico's new president, Enrique Pena Nieto, will take over the presidency and head the nation.
He faces a difficult task.
Under the current Felipe Calderon administration, Mexico performed economically well, but the country is under control of a drug war that has killed an estimated 60,000 people in six years.
"My government has a big promise to the Mexican people to reduce violence," Pena Nieto told US President Barack Obama at the Oval Office this week.
I will present a new security strategy that will allow us to achieve this goal.
Before hand-in-hand with the US president, Mr Pena Nieto's previous political experience was as governor of his own province, Mexico.
Crowds surrounding the capital are divided over the new leader in this growing province, the old site.
An open-spoken man
In the rural village of Valle del Bravo, for example, it is remembered with love.
Residents there claim it stimulates tourism at the resort and creates infrastructure.
To reach the barracks, you can use Mr Pena Nieto's new highways, a major development through altered faulty and permanent roads.
In addition, the plaques bearing its name are attached outside the modern sports centre and the impressive interactive climate change museum.
"We are looking to him to bring about a real and permanent change," says Gabriel Olvera Hernandez, a congressional member of Mr Pena Nieto's friend and political ally, the PRI party.
We hope for an interesting and real change, especially in terms of security and the economy, which our country desperately needs.
After 81 years of uninterrupted power, the PRI was toppled by Vicente Fox in 2000.
Congressman Olvera admits that after 12 years outside the Los Pinos presidential palace, the party has much expectations of Enrique Pena Nieto.
And the opposition's new president refuses to describe himself as incomplete.
An open-minded man calls himself with a vision of a great country.
He is a great statesman and above all, a man who knows how to listen.
On the other side of the province, however, that is not the view many people have of the former governors.
In Nezahualcoyotl, also known as Ciudad Neza, the contrast with the parched streets of Valle del Bravo could not be stronger.
Underneath the highway crossings, it is in many ways a suburb of Mexico City.
And the problems in the municipality are difficult and urban.
This year, the military has been called upon to help fight drug gangs operating in neighbourhoods, and violence against women is particularly high.
The bodies of dozens of women killed in the past two years alone have been thrown into an empty piece of land near a large waste burial site.
During his tenure as governor, Pena Nieto killed more than 1,000 women in the Mexican province, much more than the city of Ciudad Juarez, known for the murders of violently notorious innocent women.
Critics of Pena Nieto say he failed to address the issue of female murder sufficiently, even in the best way he was in office.
At worst, they accuse him of ignoring his administration.
In a typical concrete house in the poor neighbourhood, Irinea Buendia struggles with eye age as she shows me photos of her late daughter Mariana Luna.
According to the official version of the events, Mariana committed suicide in 2010.
However, his family believes he was killed by his partner.
"When I went home, his body seemed to have been destroyed," recalls Senora Buendia.
There were traces that he had been beaten, and the severity of death had already begun.
As her mother recounts the story, Mariana's image looks down the wall, next to a tomb with a single word on it: Justice.
However, what he said was that the family was completely denied.
The county authorities treated me like an old talker, a troublemaker, a slanderer.
What they want is for people simply to accept what they say and close their mouths.
"But this cannot be true with so many irregularities and shortcomings," he says.
President Pena Nieto comes with heavy responsibilities as he takes over Saturday.
Tens of thousands of families have been affected by violent crime in Mexico over the past six years and have pledged to give priority to them during their new presidency.
"I hope he's a president like the governor," said Olvera, a PRI congressman, at Valle del Bravo.
However, this is what the families of the victims in Ciudad Neza were most afraid of.
Bradley Manning did not complain of ill-treatment, prosecutors claim.
Prosecutors try to counter Bradley Manning's allegations of abuse
The trial focuses on Manning's time at the military prison in Quantico, Virginia.
Defence seeks closure of Manning's trial, citing harsh sentence
Army men charged with stealing thousands of classified documents
Prosecutors tried on Friday to point out that Bradley Manning, an army man charged with the largest leak of classified material in US history, missed an opportunity to complain repeatedly about alleged abuses he suffered during military custody.
At the pre-trial hearing at Ft. Meade Maryland, prosecutor Maj. Ashden cross-examined Fein Manning, while Quantico found that he had not filed a complaint about ill-treatment of the records of his weekly visits with unit officers as he remained in detention for nine months in Virginia.
The cross-examination of Manning's defence motion for an end to his trial, on the grounds that his sentence was severe and that he had received sufficient punishment, came a day after he testified that he was considering suicide while in custody.
Arrested in June 2010, the military intelligence analyst is charged with stealing thousands of classified documents while serving in Iraq.
The material was later published online by WikiLeaks.
WikiLeaks has never confirmed that Manning was a source of information.
At Friday's hearing, Fein examined forms filled in by officers with Manning after a meeting with him while in custody at the Quantico military prison, where he was held with an increased prison sentence from June 2010 to April 2011.
The officers asked Manning questions and noted his answers.
When Fein asked Friday about the forms, Manning guards said the behaviour was "excellent" and the behaviour at the entire facility was "very professional".
Forms do not complain of ill-treatment, and officers have asked Manning about his direct behaviour, Fein claims.
Manning expressed verbal concern about the issues, and responded that the visiting officers spoke about their concerns and said they would address them, but did not mention them.
"They're writing 'the problem' (after talking about their anxiety) and that doesn't mean they're not saying anything," Manning said.
Judge Judge Denise Lind asked Manning why she did not complain about the behaviour during her January 2011 meeting, which examined her thoughts of suicide months earlier.
Manning responded that his intention at the meeting was to reduce the situation of "prevention of adaptation".
The army says they have placed him in a restricted situation, one step below suicide surveillance, in order to protect him and others.
"I wanted something to know I'm good and I wanted to get out of the POI situation... to enjoy an improved quality of life from my point of view," Manning said.
Manning testified Thursday about his arrest in Iraq and his transfer to Kuwait, where he was held for about two months before being transferred to military prison at Marine Base Quantico, Virginia, in June 2010.
He said he thought about committing suicide in Kuwait and was once there because of the heat.
She said it is stressful not to be allowed to know what is happening to her and what is happening in the outside world.
"My world has shrunk into that cafe, Camp Arafjon," Manning said Thursday.
I thought I would die in that cafe.
Manning said he spent most of his days on Quantico alone in a small cell, at least 21 hours and often more than 23 hours.
Manning said only one bed, blankets, fingertips, some clothes and glasses were provided.
He says he is trying to act because during the day, harmony and even compromise are contrary to the rules.
Manning said he always slept with light coming from the outside of his cells.
When night came, the guards said they would wake him up and bring him back if he could not see his face.
Manning's lawyer formally objected to Manning's behaviour in January 2011.
In April 2011, Manning was transferred to a military prison in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
At the same time, on Friday, Judge Manning testified on Thursday that he was forced to sleep naked in his cell in Quantico one night, and stood naked in front of guards and other inmates during the morning count.
Manning said he was not given a chance to cover himself with blankets during the census.
On Friday, the judge questioned Manning, saying the guard had ordered him to fire a battalion that could hold him, but no one had ordered him to fire.
Manning said on Thursday that he was forced to sleep naked the previous night in an attempt to show that there was no danger to him.
Manning told the clerk that his gloves could damage himself using belts or interlocks, but did not do so.
That night, Manning said, his internal gloves were taken from the cells of his fingertips, eyelids and eyelashes.
Lawyers hope the judge will take into account at least his prison experience and significantly reduce his sentence if convicted in a military court expected early next year.
Defence says they plan to acknowledge Manning's guilt for smaller crimes and fight for crimes that are too extreme.
The trial is scheduled to continue by the end of this week, and prosecutors are expected to discuss the guarantee of detention.
The Pentagon said Manning is complying with the rules for all maximum detention inmates in Quantico.
Those who make assumptions against Manning include helping the enemy, causing the wrong publication of information on the internet, transmitting national defence information, and theft of public property or records.
If convicted on all assumptions, he could face life imprisonment.
My Mexican-American identity crisis
Many say they are forced to leave Mexico due to lack of opportunities there
Mexicans tend to condemn those who left; they remind Mexicans of hard times, he says.
Navarrette says Mexican Americans are stuck between two worlds
On a nearby trip to Mexico City, I had a hard time getting through the crowds and reached the migrant processing area, shocked.
There were two lists: one for "Mexicanos" and the other for "Extranjeros".
I stood there for a few seconds, not sure where to go.
Growing up in central California, I was called "Mexicon" all my life.
In this ethnic stenoda, my friends in Boston call themselves "Irish" or my friends in New York call themselves "Italian".
Later, I decided in the Mexican-American.
But it was Mexico.
And in my grandfather's hometown, there was no need for stenoya or tires.
I was simply American.
I speak Spanish, and I am good enough to manage both sides of a meeting.
But I don't have the local words and I can't get away from the American influx.
That's why I took my US passport and got in line for Extranjeros.
I thought about that moment this week when Mexico's elected president, Enrique Pena Nieto, visited the White House to meet with President Obama.
As is always the case when the leaders of the two countries meet on the agenda: migration, drugs and trade.
Pena Nieto was eager to talk about the growth of the Mexican economy, which is why Mexicans are now likely to stay in Mexico as well as try to enter the United States.
He wants to partner with the United States and Canada and form a European Union-style trade bloc in North America.
Pena Nieto did not offer anything specific, but vowed that Mexico would continue to fight drug cartels.
For Mexico, the relationship with the United States is complex and full of negative emotions.
Most Americans probably never thought that in 1848, the United States invaded Mexico and forced its leaders to hand over half of their territory with the force of guns.
But reminders are everywhere for Mexicans who have thought for centuries, not minutes.
That's why when a US official says something a little critical about Mexico, you start to hear complaints in the Mexican media and among the elites about Americans raping neighbour's sovereignty.
And Montezuma's children go to war.
And yet, a really challenging relationship for Mexico is with more than 35 million Mexican-Americans living in the United States.
Do you want to talk about negative emotions?
There are many.
There are winners and losers in Mexico, people that the country creates opportunities and people that it doesn't create.
The only reason so many people of Mexican origin live in cities such as Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Phoenix, Denver or San Antonio is because at some point in our ancestral tree a person, perhaps a parent or grandfather, is left out of opportunity in Mexico and has to go north.
And for the most part, this person follows a profile -- sheep, low education, from a poor village vs.
We rob them and hide them.
It's not Mexico.
And while we are not living the American Dream now, we can never overlook the fact that what we are living, having gone to good schools and found good jobs, is not Mexico but the American Dream.
Sometimes our identity may be unclear, but our loyalty is clear.
It's to the United States.
In addition, we are aware that most of the elite Mexicans in the executive class do not like us.
That feeling is reciprocal.
They see us as a reminder of a humiliating defeat and look up to us as if we were a subgroup that was not Mexican enough.
Our Spanish will never be good enough, our ties with Mexico will never be strong enough.
In their eyes, our existence is entirely about failure.
If our families had not failed in Mexico, they would not have gone.
And we have not been trapped behind the silk curtain now, the spirits that live well in the United States, but are still missing.
My wife, born in Guadalajara, legally came to the United States as a child, reminding me that Mexicans and Mexican-Americans are at odds because they hold on tighter to who Mexicans are and Mexican-Americans include this.
Although he is a US citizen, he sees himself as part of the two countries.
At the same time, most Mexican Americans I know do not feel part of either.
We love listening to both the Mexican band Los Tigres del Norte and Bruce Springsteen.
You're both getting the best in the world, but you're not rooted in either.
We are seen as Americans in Mexico.
We are accepted as Mexicans in the United States.
Now, in order to further complicate the relationship, as I learned during my travels, some Mexican leaders and some intellectuals want to reconnect with the Diaspora.
To show their interest in the United States, Mexican Americans want to employ temporary Mexican "ambassadors".
We like to tell Americans how beautiful a country it is to visit and to force political leaders to strengthen their ties with Mexico.
Yes.
That will not happen.
There are too many negative emotions.
And with income inequality and widespread corruption and drug violence, most of us are not sure it's a great country.
I'm afraid you're friends on your own.
That is fair.
If at least some Mexicans are not yet prepared to forgive the United States for its behaviour towards Mexico a century and a half ago, then some Mexican Americans will have to admit that they still resent the behavior of family members much more recently.
Hmmm.
"We are Mexicans," perhaps more so than I thought.
Former wars, new Middle East
A ceasefire between Israel and Hamas could be an unlikely basis for peace.
Could there be lasting peace between Arabs and Jews in the Middle East?
Another bloodshed shows that such hope is void.
Among the usual endless debates over who initiated it, several buildings were damaged, more than 140 Palestinians and six Israelis, mostly civilians, were killed, and, for the first time, missiles from Gaza reached Israel's largest city, Tel Aviv, and near the holy city of Jerusalem.
However, the Middle East is changing around them, even though Israelis and Palestinians appear to be stuck in the old conflicts.
The Arab spring has lifted the pieces, and whether you like it or not, Palestinians and Israelis are caught in regional turmoil.
Perhaps this will make their fight more bloody than ever.
However, there are reasons to think that this could break their deadly deadlocks.
A war that has neither been won nor lost
At first glance, it seems hard to justify optimism now.
Although the ceasefire, adopted on November 21st, continues, this week's war has strengthened blows on both sides.
The Islamic movement that has ruled Gaza since 2007 will claim that Hamas leaders have forced Israelis to withdraw, even though Gaza has been defeated.
Israel has failed to destroy Hamas, despite killing some of its leaders and keeping Gaza's 1.7 million people in one of the deadliest and most crowded corners of the world.
Of course, the other part of Hamas Palestine, currently led by its major rivals in Fatah, is winning the more moderate Palestinian fight in the West Bank.
Moreover, Hamas leaders may have concluded that they were on the side of the times.
As Islamists gained influence in the Arab world, Hamas gained strong and rich friends.
Israel's once closest Muslim ally, the revived regional power Turkey, has become the target of Hamas, as has Qatar, one of the richest and most dynamic Gulf provinces.
Hamas enthusiasts say an Islamist conspiracy has shifted from Lebanon, where the Hezbollah military party is running around Israel, to Syria, where the rising Islamic branch could take over Bashar al-Assad, and to Jordan, where Hamas' allies are threatening the king.
Above all, the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood under President Muhammad Mursi in Egypt -- openly the most populous and important of the Arab countries in Israel's southern hemisphere -- has changed the balance in the region.
The secular hardliner Hosni Mubarak, who ruled Egypt for 30 years until his fall in 2011, had little time for Hamas.
On the contrary, Brotherhood Hamas cousins and leaders are more of a public issue.
In future diplomacy, Hamas can be seen as an actor not even blocked by Israel and the United States.
Meanwhile, Israel's conservatives will have the exact opposite result.
From a military point of view, it has retreated to the Hamas pole.
Israel's Iron Curtain anti-missile system proved its value, and most of Hamas' missiles were destroyed.
Israelis will be able to sleep more comfortably for a while.
Diplomatically, America is more determined than ever, and most European countries have accused Hamas of launching the latest violence.
Above all, Israel has grown up under the leadership of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has largely ignored the peace process in particular.
Although rockets from Gaza have killed about 30 Israelis since 2004, Israel has barely escaped suicide bombers because of a barrier in the main part of the requested Palestinian province, the West Bank, which protects Jewish settlements that continue to expand despite violations of international law.
Netanyahu is relieved, as the Likud party heads to the January 22nd elections and joins Avigdor Lieberman's even more pro-war group.
Why should you marvel at these false Palestinians giving up their own states?
If they really run the West Bank, will they not be able to launch rockets as their fellow citizens did in Gaza?
It is better to keep them behind the wall and punish them when they raise their heads.
Maybe conservatives win, but the Arab spring could change their calculations.
Although Islamists gain strength in Egypt and elsewhere love Israel very little, their priority is to fight the difficulties at home.
Israel's defence budget is larger than that of its Arab neighbours.
Starting a war on the local superpower won't do much to help the new Arab governments fix their economies.
Pragmatic Mr. Mursi has worked with Barack Obama to secure a seemingly good ceasefire, and perhaps they can start something.
Israelis must also look to the long term.
With the rest of the Arab world becoming more democratic, depriving Palestinians of their right to autonomy is an inevitable blowout, as is a bus blowing up in Tel Aviv this week, one day in areas under Israeli occupation.
The pressure on the Jewish state is already undermining democracy, and as the Arab population grows, democracy is inflaming.
Bloody missions against Gaza to overthrow Hamas every few years will come at a growing diplomatic cost.
Two sides need external encouragement
The answer remains as declared by the majority of the outside world and by the rational people who are in this newspaper: the two states in which Israel represents the region for security.
In the short term, there is little hope that the ceasefire will give some more pressure to foreigners who are pushing for this goal.
Egypt, along with Turkey and Qatar, which must now begin to stop the flow of weapons to Gaza, is better placed to persuade Hamas to accept the idea of a Jewish state based on 1967 borders, with territorial change and joint Jerusalem.
Foreign Arabs must also force Hamas and Fatah to unite.
This is more useful than the upcoming UN offer of a virtual state for the creation of a Palestinian state.
Mr Obama also plays a role in bringing Israel to the table.
At first, he neglected to present his own peace plan.
He appears reluctant to be admitted to the White House.
This is not a painful prospect.
America has a vital interest in a stable Middle East.
That means a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians.
Smoke-free packaging laws take effect in Australia
Smoking warnings, diseased organs placed in plain green boxes for all tobacco brands
Australia's world's first laws on cigarettes and tobacco have been enacted, replacing brand logos and colours with general olive green covers, horrifying images of diseased organs and depictions of children and babies who are ill because their parents smoke.
The only difference between packages, other than various health warnings and footage, is that brand names will have to be printed with the same small font, which will be mandatory from Saturday.
This is the strictest regime in the world for the packing of the drug.
Australia's federal government says the aim is to discourage young people from smoking by getting rid of their addiction.
This is based on studies showing that 99% of people are unlikely to start smoking at all if they don't start smoking by age 26.
"You can see from a very young age that children understand that tobacco companies are trying to sell through brands," said federal health minister Tanya Plibersek, citing studies showing, for example, that children associate the logo of the button with the idea of being a prince.
Australia has one of the lowest smoking rates in the world, and while the changes will have little impact on multinationals' profits, other countries are considering similar steps.
The tobacco industry has lobbied hard against the laws.
Tobacco companies said they would support the black market trade and lead to cheaper and more accessible cigarettes.
"The legislation will have serious unwanted consequences," said Scott McIntyre of British American Tobacco Australia.
Counterfeiters from China and Indonesia will bring much more of these products to sell on Australian streets.
Others say laws are boosting their jobs.
Two months ago, Sandra Ha from Zico Import Pty Ltd, a small family company, slipped almost above zero when the silicon sticks used to mask unpleasant packages slipped into cigarette boxes by losing to British American Tobacco, Imperial Tobacco in Britain, Philip Morris and Japan Tobacco to challenge laws in the Australian Supreme Court.
Zico says it has sold more than 6,000 stores and expects new supplies.
That is good for us.
The potential disruption, experts say, is the popularity of social media in the demographics targeted by the plan.
The tobacco market moved online after a series of Australian laws banned television commercials and sports sponsorship and asked most sellers to keep cigarettes in visible places.
Australia has banned internet advertising of local companies and sites, but cannot restrict overseas sites.
"If you are in the whole market and only this small window is left to promote your products, the place where you have to participate is online," said Becky Freeman, a public health researcher at the University of Sydney.
Freeman said there has been an increase in brands' "moderate human" scrutiny of social media sites such as YouTube, Twitter and Facebook.
The question we need to ask is whether this Marlboro smoke really belongs to a civilian citizen and a video shooter who loves it, or does a marketing company belong to it?
British American Tobacco said the Australian industry is focusing on dealing with new rules rather than marketing.
Industry has gone so far as to pay Ukraine, Honduras and the Dominican Republic to challenge the new rules, which claim to have been unfairly restricted in the World Trade Organisation, despite the fact that none of them have significant trade with Australia.
An WTO decision is expected in mid-2013.
Plibersek said the government is in talks with other countries considering similar package decisions.
In 2001, Canada was the first country to make photo warnings mandatory.
Now they have spread to more than 40 countries, including Brazil, Turkey and Ukraine.
Stricter laws are being considered in Britain, New Zealand, South Africa and India.
Most smokers in Australia are challenged.
The paintings don't impress me.
I'm ignoring them.
"Take a cigarette and replace it," Victor El Hage said as he bought a package containing a photo of the eyeball shoot.
To be honest, there is only one reason for me to leave, and that is my little daughter.
James Yu, who runs the King's Packages tobacco shop in downtown Sydney, said the one-size-fits-all packaging makes it difficult to stock the shelves.
"It used to take me one hour to clear a delivery, now it takes me four," Yu said.
"If the government should have banned it all, then we would have said OK, well, we're done, we'll close the shop," he said, throwing his hand up.
It's More Bad to Be Sick in a Continuous Cash Driven World
On this Thanksgiving holiday, I spent five unexpected hours at the airport when we were flying under mechanical difficulties and had to wait for another plane.
So I had plenty of time to think about tightening up.
I will not lie to you.
It's hard to wait half a day at the airport for a plane, although there are distracting things like books, magazines and iPhones (I'm not even talking about duty-free shopping).
But increasingly, some academics and child development experts are praising the tightening.
For us and our children, they say, it's normal sometimes to tighten up.
It makes the brain go to interesting tanzanias and perhaps increases creativity.
And most of us do not experience the benefits of tightening because we are connected by fist from one screen to another.
So should we open the door to tightening up?
Yes.
And no.
But I will come back to that.
First of all, like many people, I was suggesting that tightening up is a relatively new concept, as more time is created.
Peter Toohey, a professor of Greek and Roman history at Calgary University in Canada and author of "Sickness: A Living History" (Yale University Press, 2011), says it is not.
"In fact, the disease has a very long history," he said.
There is a mural in Latin dating back to the first century that relates to the tightening of the walls of Pompeii.
Then comes the question of how to define the grip.
The problem is that these have been defined and discussed in many different ways, says John D. Eastwood, a psychology doctor at York University in Ontario, Canada.
After looking through the research literature and presenting the idea to a focus group of about 100 people, Professor Eastwood and his colleagues described the tightening as "an attempt but not a satisfying event".
What separates tiredness from poverty is that one does not want to be busy, but wants to be, he said.
There is no inclination to do anything in poverty, he said.
The core experience of tiredness is "low fashion and the feeling of slowing down time and disturbing the process of interest," he said.
Sickness can be very similar to depression.
But, Professor Eastwood said, they may be involved, but people who are stuck tend to see the problem as the environment or the world, but people in depression see the problem as themselves.
Sometimes we think we are getting tired of just having the difficulty of concentrating.
Professor Eastwood and her colleagues pointed to an old analogy when participants listened to a record of a person reading a magazine article in the September issue of the Psychological Science Reviews magazine, "The Unencumbered Mind: Recognising Sickness from a Viewpoint of Interest".
Some groups heard a loud and uninteresting TV programme in the back room, others heard it at a very low level, very little noticeable, but the third group did not hear the voice at all.
Those who listened to low-level television reported more congestion than the other two groups, had difficulty concentrating, but were unsure of why, and linked the difficulty to hardship.
Mark J. Fenske, one of the authors of the study and a brain trustee at Guelph University in Ontario, said that when you try to focus on a difficult or busy task, disenchantment is a problem.
On the other hand, when you read something boring, "like looking at bad vehicles in a factory band, the music that distracts you may help you not get stuck."
In fact, often seen as a sign of distress, shaking and frostbite can make people physically more resilient and help them fight it.
"The studies show that children who are allowed to be mobile learn more and receive more information than children who are forced to remain motionless," said Professor Fenske.
We all experience shortages at certain points, delays in flight, a monotonous speaker, a boring film.
But some people tend to be tighter than others.
To help measure this, researchers developed a "Drug Trend Index" in the 1980s.
The truth involves questions such as "Most of what I have to do is repetitive and monotonous" and "I have a lot of interest, I don't have time to do everything."
Using such scales, researchers discovered that men tend to tighten up more and more frequently in need of various external stimuli, especially compared to girls, said Stephen Vodanovich, professor of psychology at West Florida University.
In general, however, adolescents are a very poor group.
In 1991, Reed Larson, a professor of human and community development at the University of Illinois, conducted an experiment in which he communicated seven to eight times a day via a call device with about 400 teenagers and parents.
Thirty-two per cent of teenagers found that they were stuck in school and at work, but 23 per cent were stuck when they were not in school.
On the other hand, 3 per cent of parents said they were stuck.
Professor Larson said he now does not know whether the percentages of contraction will be higher or lower 21 years from now.
He said, however, that he knows that "age is the peak of tightening," as there is not much control over what children and teenagers want to do.
So I come back to my first question: Is it good for people to get tired?
Sometimes it is not, because research shows that it can lead to people taking absurd physical risks, gambling, or substance use as a means of reducing when it is excessive.
On the other hand, Professor Vodanovich, who has been working on the issue for more than two decades, says many philosophers and writers are discussing the connection between tightness and creativity.
"Sickness is the way your brain tells you you need to do something else," said Gary Marcus, a psychology professor in the United States.
However, the brain does not always know what is best to do.
If you are tired and use this energy to play guitar and cook, it will make you happy.
But if you watch television, it can make you happy in the short term, but not in the long term.
That's why if you give your child an iPad when he gets bored, he may no longer be tight, but he won't learn to entertain himself or organise himself, Professor Fenske said.
And "it's a self-regulating transfer from one situation to another," he said.
Your child will not only learn to entertain himself, but also to control himself more in other areas.
I don't think we will really want to enjoy being tired.
We should not be too critical.
Instead, our aim should be to be at ease, away from the constant bullying of entertainment and technology.
Professor Eastwood attended.
"We frame this as a need for further tightening, but tightening is a desire to be connected to something painful, uncomfortable and meaningful," he said.
What people are really looking for is a way to get out of the jungle and enjoy the free time, he said.
"It's hard to find a way to be busy when the sound is off in an environment where we are constantly being overwarned," he said.
There's No Scenario for New Marihuana Law in Colorado
Anthony Orozco, 19, a regional university student and football player in southeastern Colorado, faces charges for something that will soon be legal in the province: carrying a few pieces of marijuana and a pipe to drink it.
One day in September, Mr. Orozco said he and his friends were stopped driving in Lamar, dozens of blocks near the Kansas border.
After the policeman found marijuana in the car, Mr. Orozco received a call for minor crimes, transportation and narcotics, each of which was fined $100, and a court date was given.
"We were treated as criminals," said Mr Orozco.
But is it like that?
The answer to hundreds of minor drug cases in uncertain weeks of Colorado's vote to legalise small amounts of marijuana for recreational use depends more on the law than on the law.
Hundreds of minor marijuana cases are already closed here and in the Washington province, which has approved a similar measure.
Police have dropped charges against adults aged 21 and over for carrying small-scale goods, which will be legally approved when laws come into force in the coming weeks.
Prosecutors in more conservative areas of Colorado, however, have vowed to pursue their current marijuana cases resolutely and are still summoning people to court for carrying them.
At the same time, a few towns from Denver suburbs to the Western Mountains are voting to block the opening of new province licensed retail marijuana stores in their areas.
"This thing is growing so quickly that I don't know what will happen afterwards," said Daniel J. Oates, police chief for Aurora, east of Denver.
Organisers in Washington County are shaking their heads.
And they are seeking guidance on establishing a licensing system for production, production, distribution and sale, the latest date being December 1st 2013.
One way or another, they say, Colorado was ahead of most provinces in regulating medical use and now recreational marijuana.
"Colorado has a more regular market, so they will be a good guide," said Brian E. Smith, spokesman for the Washington County Internal Control Board.
But no place or system can do more than suggest what will work, he added.
"There is no real example to be set," he said.
Washington's law, dubbed I-502, will enter into force on December 6th, leaving a year of uncertainty when the province's licensing system does not yet exist, but legal transportation will take place.
Difficult mechanical questions remain to be resolved during this period, such as how the province will balance restrictions on cannabis operations within 1,000 feet of schools, parks, children's parks or childcare centres with the directive on "adequate access" to licensed marijuana.
"It can't be harder to have a licensed cannabis business anywhere than in urban areas, especially in Seattle's big metropolitan area," said Ben Livingston, spokesman for the legal cannabis centre, a newly formed research group.
On November 21st, Chief Oates sent an e-mail to officers in Aurora, announcing that the city attorney "for the moment to take effect" would not prosecute minor marijuana offences for anyone aged 21 and over, and that the police would stop criminalising people for these crimes.
Chief Oates said police will enact city laws regulating medical marijuana growers and will again monitor drug trafficking and sellers.
Chief regional prosecutor Ken Buck represents a stricter view in Weld, northern Colorado.
After the vote, he said his office would continue to monitor marijuana possession cases as a way of forcing users to be treated, mostly.
Currently, 119 people are charged with carrying two us or less marijuana, while many face other charges.
"Our colleagues have an obligation to prosecute crimes committed during their time," he said in a statement.
Even in places such as the rural Mesa District, where voters rejected the marijuana initiative, the response was complicated.
Police in the region's largest city, Grand Junction, no longer prosecute adults for small quantities.
The region's chief prosecutor, Pete Hautzinger, backed the decision, but also decided not to close pending transport cases.
"I don't think I'm wasting my time by continuing to apply the law until it changes," he said.
Even if 55 per cent of Colorado voters supported the measure, introducing recreational marijuana into the government and legal system would never be easy.
And the widespread controversial reactions in the province raise a deep dilemma among local officials about the province's major green experiment.
Sean McAllister, a Denver lawyer representing marijuana advocates and a local spokesman for the National Organisation for the Reform of Marihuana Laws, says this is a "cultural barrier" to regional chief prosecutors.
"They've spent too much of their lives prosecuting people so they still don't accept that it's legal," he said.
As the first provinces to treat small amounts of marijuana as alcohol, Colorado and Washington are preparing to become national test cases for legalising drugs.
Lawyers and state officials are planning a new border for legal sales, while awaiting guidance from the federal government, which is also worried about approaching the sale and production of marijuana as a federal crime.
Legalised marijuana lawyers hope the Justice Ministry will withdraw.
Despite high profile arrests of medical marijuana patients and sellers, the federal government has largely allowed medical marijuana establishments in Colorado, Washington and 16 other provinces.
Kevin A. Sabet, a former drug policy adviser under the Obama administration, said drug agents probably won't close the doors to catch a small drug bag, but with the new laws, they are likely to prevent them from allowing recreational marijuana shops run by the province, which is allowed.
A few cities in Colorado are not expecting federal officials to take action.
Even before Election Day, some local governments agreed to postpone the debts of new marijuana shops, which have been open for about a year to come.
Last week, the western city of Montrose introduced a six-month ban, which is likely to be adopted next week.
"We don't want to get into a situation where you license someone and it's a big federal problem," said Bob Nicholson, a member of the City Council.
Our region voted against the change.
We look at the province voting and the region voting.
There are too many questions.
Petronella Wyatt: I quit Oxford because I'm conservative
Only today's students are not attacked for their views
I can't remember a time when I didn't dream of getting a place at Oxford University.
Both my father and my older brother, in my dream, were at the modern red wine Greek symposium, the best place in the world to study, where the two pillars of civilisation encourage freedom of thought and tolerance.
However, at the end of the sixties, two weeks after I took my seat at Worcester College to study history, I packed my bags and launched my first scandal in life.
My father was shattered and wept.
Friends were shocked.
Evening Standard's agenda claimed I left the room next to me because I disagreed that my undergraduate friends were having sex.
Writer A N Wilson happily announced that I had left because I was forced to drink from a broken cup.
The truth was less funny.
I fled.
Yes, I fled because I faced systematic trafficking and fear.
Not because of my somewhat strange name, or because I come from a private school.
I was tried for only one reason, and in the midst of this alleged enlightenment it was both backward and barbaric: my father, the late Woodrow Wyatt, was Margaret Thatcher's high-profile adviser, and I supported the Conservatives.
You might ask why I am raising this issue.
According to recent reports, a new generation of right-wing students are facing similar trials.
Institutionalised and growing hatred of conservative students in Oxford is so great that last week a group of homosexuals, disabled people and ethnic minorities demanded equal rights.
Conservative members of Corpus Christi College's third-class joint room (JCR) claimed that because of their political views "they were constantly actively isolated, personally attacked and felt unwanted".
They want to create a publication in the university's equal opportunities committee so that their speeches can be freely published.
The new BBC Two documentary Wonderland didn't help either: the Young, Bright and Right conservatives on student politics portrayed them as strange and neo-Nazi.
The former chairman of the Oxford University Association of Conservatives (OUCA), renowned graduate Joe Cooke, was seen touring the Rolls-Royce in a silver-coloured team dress and silver-headed bass.
In other universities, conservative students say they are being treated like "blackmailers" for rising tuition fees.
Luke Black, 20, deputy chairman of the Union of Conservatives of Nottingham University, told a Sunday newspaper that "there is growing left-wing discrimination at universities".
"Before we met, people thought we were like Bullingdon Club," he said.
Samuel Roberts, 21, a history student at Corpus Christi, suggesting the move for better protection, says such an environment is "not painful", but Stephanie Cherill, 19, the president-elect of the OUCA, says there is a deterioration in the attitudes of JCR members towards right-wing people.
"This poses a threat to the atmosphere of intellectual debate and to the members," he says.
During my first few weeks in Oxford, I was a single-person minority.
In September 1986, at the age of 18, I left in a disturbingly embarrassing manner.
Hatred against the Conservative Party was at its most fierce.
The previous year, he voted to reject the honours of his former student, Margaret Thatcher, due to cuts in university higher education payments.
That atmosphere terrified a pro-Stalin.
During the first few days of the first week, the students were socialising with each other and professors, and I was looking forward to the coming season.
I would see the professors ignore being ridiculed by conservative students, as well as enjoying themselves.
The mining strike, privatisation and the government's sanctions against the breakaway South Africa were brought into the wooden-paneled chambers of opposition politics education.
The first was about translating 18th-century French texts into English, and I was not prepared for those who came afterwards.
"Mr Wyatt, please translate the first paragraph," said Professor Harry Pitt (deceased).
I complained about it.
Pitt, a young man who looked like a sad pasta ham, was very different.
"Do the Thatchers refuse to learn French, or are they just fools?" he asked.
Other undergraduate students were upset.
The eyelids hurt behind my eyes.
"In Bosnia, if you're not too busy socialising, I suggest you take basic French lessons," Pitt said.
I walked back to the room with a bitter letter.
I sat alone at a university dinner that evening; then I felt a slight touch on my arm.
He was a second-grade English student named James, who introduced himself as a member of the OUCA.
"I know who he is," Kibar said.
I'm afraid so.
He is dealing with anyone suspected of being an opponent.
That's bad enough for me, but they know that my father is close to Margaret Thatcher, so it will be worse for you.
Most conservative first-class students are pro-labour.
Then, in a local bar, I tried to replicate fearfully.
I insisted that I did not participate in everything that Mrs Thatcher said.
That tactic proved its failure.
"You're the daughter of a fascist dog," said a first-grade PPE student who had been to Eton in an ironic way.
The mind is dirty.
The other students stuck to themselves.
I was deceived, I was dirty.
"How do conservatives have sex?" one asked.
They beat each other, don't they?
Before the liberal legislation in the 1960s, I felt like homosexuals would have felt it.
Had I ever been able to live a normal life in Oxford?
Am I going to be forced to meet people who agree only when it is dark?
Would I return to the Labour Party and suppress my natural tendencies?
The forthcoming three years of exile and solitary confinement seemed to stretch.
The only openly conservative Professor of Modern History at my university was Norman Stone.
He was hated because both the conservative and Thatcher were foreign policy advisers and text writers.
Very few were there.
Since it was small and suburban, and Marxist attachment to the necessary historical viewpoint, he was slandered.
In 1997, he began teaching at Ankara's Bilkent University in Turkey.
"You won't be happy there," he told me.
I started to travel from Oxford to my parents' home in London, and I took refuge with my more open-minded friends and family in the big city.
I told my father I hated Oxford and why.
It was unbelievable.
In the villages, all his political views were accepted at the time.
In a way, Acuna said, "the countryside is the best place in the world."
If they don't do that, it's not in my dream towers.
Even my communist friends always had excellent behaviour.
Tearful eyes have begun to cloud.
Give me a chance.
I am sure it is a mystery.
If you do, my heart will be broken.
My emotional endurance, tired of frequent visits to London, was weakening.
A conservative friend of mine succumbed to pressure and rejected his belief.
I decided to do the same thing the next week, when another history professor told me that I was a "people's enemy" in a very serious way during a training session.
I admitted that "my brain was destroyed by my parents" in a way that was embarrassing, and I called them "silly fools".
The thawing took a short time.
My father became the coffin of my Oxford career.
At the time, Murdoch published two columns every week.
The door was key.
I was nervous inside, and five minutes later, those in my pursuit were disappointed.
I prepared a flag in my pockets and caught the first train to London.
I never went back.
You could call me a leaked carrot.
However, no 18-year-old should be subjected to such fear and intimidation in an educational institution.
What is even more tragic is Oxford's adoption of 14 conservative prime ministers and its hiding behind a reputation for equality and freedom of thought that has not been embraced to this day.
Floods wreak havoc in Trabzon
Due to the torrential rains in the town of Yomra in Trabzon, Twosu was flooded.
Two women in the village of Tashdelen were flooded, while the road in the village of Sayvan was closed to transportation.
The body of one of the two women missing from the floods has been recovered.
The rain hit the upper part of Yomra at 3pm.
Nearly 200m of the road connecting the village of Twosu with the village of Sayvan, where they moved across the lake, was flooded.
"The road has been closed for 3 hours.
We are experiencing the same thing with every heavy rain.
We informed the authorities, but there is no coming, no going.
Citizens are perplexed.
Every year we have this shortage.
When the trees block the debris, the water makes its way," he said.
CONSTRUCTION OF CERTAIN RESEARCH PARTS
Yomra Mayor Ibrahim Saciroglu reported that the body of one of the two women who lost their lives in the flood, which resulted in severe injuries in the province, has been recovered, while the search for the other remains ongoing.
Sagiroglu recalled that there was a flooding disaster in the town yesterday due to landslides, and that in the village of Tashdelen, two women who collected potatoes were flooded and disappeared.
"As a result of the work of municipal machinery, the body of one of our citizens has been found under the ground and the search for the other is continuing," Sagiroglu said, adding that the search, which lasted until late at night, was restarted early in the morning.
The rain has lost its impact, leaving its place in sunny air, Saciroglu said, adding that searches for the missing persons and work on closed roads have been carried out smoothly.
As searches for missing women continue, the road to the village of Tashdelen reportedly opened.
"THE railway is under construction"
Citizens in the village of Tasdelen, in the town of Yomra in Trabzon, are trying to cover the wounds of flooding and landslides caused by landslides.
"It's not dead, it's like a disaster," said Derya, a resident of the village of Tashdelen, saying the rain lasted about 3 hours without interruption.
"We stopped collecting polls.
Afterwards, such a disaster occurred.
The missing bride and her sister-in-law collected pollen during the rain.
Later, when they returned to their homes, they were caught in an earthquake," he said.
Electricity is cut off in their villages and their water is not flowing, he added.
Hasan Selim, meanwhile, stressed that he was 60 years old and had never seen such rain until that age. "If the rain had continued for another hour, there would not have been stone on stone here," he said.
The Wildlife Railway rewards success!
The Wildlife College provides students with scholarships of up to 100% according to the OYP success score.
With its innovative and visionary approach to education, the Wilderness College has brought new models of education to Turkey and the world. To emphasize its importance to education, it supports successful students with up to 100% scholarships for 4 years in the Wilderness Anatolian High Schools, where the t-MBA education model is implemented.
In addition to the t-MBA, a postgraduate programme for high schools, which is implemented only in the Natural Railway Anatolian High Schools, students also get business training at the high school level, entering universities and leading their lives.
For the first time in three years, the Wildlife College has achieved the best school average in SBS, rewarding its students with scholarships, encouraging success, and supporting education.
The scholarships are valid for 4 years at the Natural Anatolian High Schools, where the t-MBA education model is applied, ranging from 5% to 100%, depending on the student's score.
The Nature College, which awards 100% scholarships to students who score 491 and above at the OYP, offers 80% scholarships to students who score between 481-490, between 471-480, between 60% and between 451-470.
To encourage student success, the College of Nature awards scholarships to students with OYP scores ranging from 321-450, ranging from 5% to 40%.
Turkey's most successful students prefer t-MBA.
The most successful students in Turkey, who have received scholarships from many schools thanks to their success scores at SBS, prefer the t-MBA model of education that the College of Nature has introduced to Turkey and the world with its innovative and visionary education approach.
The t-MBA programme for high schools, which is only implemented at the Natural Railway Anatolian High Schools, allows students to take business training at the high school level, then go on to university and become leaders in life.
The t-MBA Education Model, which brings university business master's programmes to the high school level, develops both academically and socially with students, Student Assemblies, t-MBA Applications, Foreign Language, International Projects, Interdisciplinary Relationships and Educational Coaching components.
Nature scholarships are also available at Oxford concept camps...
Scholarships vary from 2% to 75% in the camps, where the Oxford Conceptual Education model, developed by the Wildlife College in co-operation with Oxford Quality School and certified by the SBS Turkey Championship in its first year, is being implemented.
Students with OYP scores between 481-490 are rewarded with 75% of the scholarship, while students with grades between 471-480 and 451-470 receive 50% of the scholarship.
"The investment we make in our students is an investment in Turkey's future"
Ugur Gazanker, CEO of the Wildlife College, said they were always proud of their students. "The Wildlife College aims to raise generations that achieve success in every field of life, not only academically.
To this end, we are rewarding our students for all their achievements, from academics to sports, art and music, and directing them to achieve better and better results.
As educators, we know that every student succeeds in a different field.
The important thing is to discover and discover areas where they have succeeded, to encourage them and to consolidate their success.
We are acting with the awareness that our investment in the education of our students is an investment in Turkey's future, and we reward their every success," he said.
Winning is always good
"It's not easy to get 3 points, but it's happy to win," said Umit Davala.
G.Saray Assistant Coach Umit Davala said it was happy to start the season with Gaziantepspor's victory.
"It's always nice to win," Davala said, noting that they've won two cups before the new season and played a comfortable football throughout the game, even though they struggled in some areas against Gaziantepspor.
Gaziantepspor is an effective team, but after the goals we found everything was easy for us," he said.
BURSA IS NOT PLAYING
"We now have a difficult Bursaspor deployment ahead of us.
Matches are not easy to win.
We don't see the keys in our suitcase, as compared to our competitors, and the Gaziantepspor match is proof of that," he told SETimes.
Who gets the bill and how?
From now on, I will try to contribute to your dear readers of Hurriyet in solving your problems in the field of working life and social security, or anything else they are interested in, and to pass on my experience to you.
Our readers are confronted with hundreds of reports in the field of social security and working life, both in the written and visual media.
From now on, I will present to you the most accurate, healthy and reliable news in Hurriyet and hurriyet.com.tr.
First of all, I want to deal with the malnutrition file, which has received a lot of public attention.
We will deal with these articles in sections, which will continue as a series of articles.
In our article, you can find answers to all questions related to malnutrition with the main lines.
You can send questions that you have not found and are of particular interest to alipekten@hurriyet.com.tr.
I will do my utmost to answer you as soon as possible.
What is the pension paid for?
It is possible for SSK and Bağ-Kur insured persons who have lost at least 60 per cent of their workforce and are unable to work regardless of their MALULEN retirement age to be granted early retirement, provided they meet the insurance requirements laid down in the SGK law so that they can survive.
It is also the case that public employees can be retired in cases where they have lost the ability to earn a profession to the extent that they cannot carry out their duties separately from those mentioned above.
Who is worth it?
I write from Diyarbakir, my name is Mehmet Gultekin, I have 920 days of insurance, 540 days of military debt, and 1460 days of insurance.
In addition, I am a kidney patient.
I'm connecting to the dialogue machine.
I still work in an office.
Can I get a maintenance allowance?
"First of all, Mehmet Bey must be past.
Of the points you raised in your question, you did not state when you first entered the job.
However, let us briefly explain to you how the welfare payment will be linked.
First of all, the most important of the conditions set out in the law is that you have been insured for more than 10 years and that you have 1,800 days of total premium.
In addition, you are liable when the SGK health board determines that you have lost at least 60 per cent of your workforce or earnings in the profession as a result of a work accident or occupational illness.
However, you cannot be connected monthly because you provide 60 per cent of the conditions, because you are a dialytic patient here, and because you have not completed the 1,800 premium days.
Of course, we don't know how many years you've been working.
If you leave the job on the day you complete your 10 years and 1800 days together, the SGK will be linked to you monthly, if you apply.
Conditions for entitlement to maintenance
Can no one be retired without 10 years, 1,800 days, which is a requirement for a maintenance payment?
- The 1,800-day premium payment requirement must be completed by the end of the battle.
There is one exception, however; for those who have been found to have contributed substantially to the continuing maintenance of another, the contribution is linked to the insurance period, which is 10 years, provided he meets other conditions without the requirement of insurance.
The issue of what kinds of diseases or disorders will be covered by the requirement for continuous care will be addressed in the following sections of our article.
Status of those spared before starting work
I am Ahmet Guler.
Even though I had all the conditions laid down in the SGK law, they told me that I could not receive benefits because I was sick before I got to work for the first time.
I am a great victim.
Isn't that injustice?
How will I retire?
Ahmet Bey, you have written that you have fulfilled all the conditions laid down in the Law, but it is essential that one of the main conditions is that the disease, which is the cause of loss of employment for SSK and Bağ-kur insured persons, which is laid down in the Law, does not exist before entering the workplace.
Because you do not have that condition, the maintenance payment cannot be linked.
However, you can retire if you have pension requirements under the old age insurance.
- I have 3980 days, and I've been insured for 16 years.
My negligence was identified by the SGK before I took up the job.
They said you cannot be a respected pensioner.
What am I going to do in that case?
Can I not retire?
Will you show the way?
- Yes, you heard right.
You cannot be paid a pension.
However, according to you, the SGK law also contains a pension prescription.
Fortunately, there are two situations before and after October 2008.
If you start working before that date for the first time, if the SGK determines that you are insured before you start working, you can get a partial old age allowance, subject to a minimum period of 15 years of insurance and a number of 3,600 premium days.
For this reason, we recommend that you apply to the nearest SGK Directorate and request a monthly connection.
"But if you were employed after October 2008, you could get an old age allowance, provided you have been insured for at least fifteen years and you have reported at least 3960 days of income, old age and death insurance premiums.
Is it necessary to quit while applying?
I still work as a driver in a workplace.
When I went to the hospital, I was diagnosed with cancer.
I want to be paid a pension.
Should I leave my workplace in this case?
Can I apply for maintenance without separation?
I don't want to be unemployed until I get a monthly salary.
- You are right.
You must have been dismissed in order to apply for a monthly engagement.
However, before applying for a monthly allowance, you must be considered a beneficiary under the SGK law.
However, if you are eligible, you will be linked monthly, along with other conditions.
It doesn't make sense to apply for monthly unemployment without being assessed, you run the risk of losing your job.
You only need 1,800 days to do that.
When you go to the SGK and make a request to identify my legal status, the SGK will transfer you to one of the authorised hospitals.
When you bring the health board report you will receive from here to the SGK (about your cancer), the SGK will evaluate the report at its own Health Board and if it decides that your cancer affects your loss of workforce by more than 60 per cent, it will be a reason for you to apply for a monthly link.
However, if you have to complete a 10-year insurance period in order to be connected, then you will be connected monthly.
In short, it is unreasonable for employees to apply to the SGK health board without seeing the "you are uninsured" decision.
But if insured persons who do not work in any job have all the conditions, the SGK can ask for the identification of the insolvency situation and the monthly linking at the same time.
This could be useful for the council, if it meets other conditions, to start the month a little earlier.
Will the taxpayer become a taxed pensioner?
I am self-insured.
I have all the conditions.
However, they said you cannot be a taxed pensioner because I have a debt.
What should I do?
- I am a valuable reader.
Whoever told you was right.
If you haven't written down what the other conditions are but you think you have them, it is a legal obligation to pay your 4/b premium borrowing.
But I can give you a special tribute.
I recommend that you borrow money from banks or similar institutions, because you will be charged a salary.
The sooner the early month is tied, the more months you get and the sooner you pay in the debt.
It will be easy for you to borrow because these companies make a cut from your balance sheet.
What is the status of the monthly allowance?
I worked under both the CEC and Bağ-Kur and the Pensioners' Register.
When I am entitled to a monthly allowance, where will I be linked to it?
- Dear reader, If you are a member of the SSK and work as an officer in multiple statuses, you receive a monthly benefit, which is linked at the latest to your status as an insured person, i.e., if you are the last member of the SSK to be insured from a place, you receive a monthly benefit from the SSK, provided you have left the job and other conditions.
Hospital reports valid for SGK as well
How do I apply for compensation?
Which hospitals can I get a health report?
- It is enough to apply to the social security municipal directorates or social security centres where you are bound for the health board reports.
The SGK will transfer you to the Ministry of Health's training and research hospitals, university hospitals (excluding private universities and foundation hospitals), and military hospitals affiliated with the Turkish Armed Forces.
However, in the absence of such hospitals in the province in which you reside, transfers can also be made to the fully-fledged hospitals of the Ministry of Health.
Is it not possible to transfer to a private hospital?
"Only conditions are possible.
Under the old regulation, the transfer of patients under intensive care and at risk for life can only be made to the hospital where they are staying, while the new regulation, which will enter into force on 01.09.2013, will allow the transfer of patients under intensive care and at risk for life to a private hospital where they are being treated and transferred to another hospital, subject to agreement with the SGK, and medical board reports received from there will also be considered valid.
What are the requirements for securities transactions?
A 1,800-day deposit is sufficient to enable the transfer of the insurer requested by SEVK for the identification of the insolvency situation.
Hospital expenses for the identification of malnutrition will be paid by the SGK.
In addition, the 10-year insurance period will not be sought, and the SGK is looking at this.
In the event that the maintenance fee is linked, if the person has a substantial amount of maintenance, it is linked monthly according to the health board report, finding only 1,800 days sufficient to cover the 10-year insurance period, which is one of the insurance conditions.
For this reason, the SGK looks at only 1,800 days for the diagnosis of malnutrition, despite the possibility that the person will be able to receive substantial care when he or she is diagnosed for the first time.
Drug operation
Criminal inspections have begun for bans on narcotic cafes.
As a result of weekend checks, many businesses had to stop selling supplies.
The prosecution began the operation with a warning to alcoholic cafes in Istanbul.
The operation at narcotics cafes in the Besiktas area and the sale of narcotics to non-licensed businesses have been halted.
Nearly all cereal cafes will be affected by the inspections, while operators who continue to sell cereals will be fined in the first phase.
Businesses that continue to sell will be sealed and closed.
QUESTIONS CONTINUED
The Tobacco and Alcohol Markets Regulatory Agency (TAPDK) issued its "Notice on Provision of Application Documents for Sites/areas adjacent to Smoking Tobacco-Free Workplaces and Concerns Concerning the Use of Such Sites" last fall.
The notification gave a five-month period for mobile cafes to be moved at least 200m away from schools.
It is also forbidden to drink narcotics in closed premises.
The first operation against businesses that did not comply with the notification started last day in Besiktas.
Most of Istanbul's most popular alcoholic establishments -- Al Faker in bebek, Ikram Nargile Cafe in Ihlamur Kasri and Mis Nargile Cafe on Besiktas Square -- were also forced to stop selling.
Penalties start at 23,000
The prosecution will impose penalties starting at TL 23,000 if premises without a license continue to sell goods.
The venues that receive three fines will be honoured.
Approximately five businesses in Istanbul currently hold alcoholic coffee licenses, according to allegations.
Cards warned
As of July 27th, the TAPDK has made it compulsory for operators to "adapt" the packaging bottles, according to the notification, health warnings being deleted or consigned to the form of the packaging bottle.
The warnings start with the mouth part of the bottles.
Blue, red, yellow and black colours can be used to print health warnings.
At the moment, there are such warnings in many coffee shops.
Police issue critical warning to families
The Directorate General of Police is warning families about activities organised by illegal organisations under the name of "white camp" and "training camp" to gather supporters.
Teams from the Counter-Terrorism Branch Directorate, as a result of intelligence gathered in 17 provinces, have unveiled a new plan for organisations that committed violent acts during the tour, including DHKP-C, MLKP, TKP, TOKIP and some legal structures.
Detecting that terrorist organisations have set up camps for young people, known as "white camps" or "training camps", to gather supporters, security forces have warned families that children should not be sent to these camps.
Determining that terrorist organisations are planning to set up 41 camps in different cities, the terrorist police met with families and asked them not to send their children to these camps.
350 families give up sending their children to camp
Determining that terrorist organisations such as DHKP-C, MLKP and TOKIP, in particular, are seeking to attract young people to the organisation by using their legal precedents, the terrorist police warned their families against the activities organised by the organisations under the name of camp.
Taking into account police warnings, 350 families have given up sending their children to the camps.
Following police warnings, 14 of the 41 camps the organisations planned to organise were cancelled.
Terrorist organisations organised 20 camps, although turnout declined.
Security forces have indicated that two camps are still under way and that five are scheduled to be held in the coming days.
The Directorate General of Police also sent a warning letter to the relevant units in all the provinces concerning these camps.
Youth in jeopardy
Twenty camps organised by terrorist organisations were found in Izmir, Kocaeli, Kayseri, Çanakkale, Nigde, Eskişehir, Bursa, Bartin, Artvin, Mersin and Hatay, while the Army, Samsun, Trabzon, Bartin, Izmir, Bolu and Adana camps were cancelled.
According to police reports, these camps are mostly attended by young university graduates.
Illegal organisations, through their propaganda in the camps, trap young people and bring them into the organisation.
At these camps, young people who have recently joined the organisation are also given organisational training, thereby increasing their commitment to the organisation.
These camps, which are viewed as summer camps, provide organisational training, as well as training on "how actions can be transformed into violence".
The message that emerged half a century later
A bottle thrown into the Atlantic Ocean 50 years ago by a boy named Dennis Komsa found its owner in the US state of New Jersey.
The glass bottle came out of a house's rubble after last year's Sandy Crash in the United States.
"The person concerned, please answer the following questions and send them to the address below.
This is a scientific study by Dennis Komsa (12)."
The article asks the person who finds the bottle to explain where, when and how he found it.
It also contains a wallet and stamped money to cover the postage.
The bottle, found about 35km from where it was thrown into the ocean on the coast of New Jersey, was recently given to its owner on August 16th 1963.
Komsa, 12 years old in 1963, said it was a surprise to see the bottle he threw into the ocean about half a century later. "I threw it in the water thinking someone would find it, but I had no idea it would come back to me," he said.
Sound frequencies charm
One of Turkey's first sound engineers, Southen Pamir, explained what could be done with the sound frequencies, and I was astonished.
When it comes to sound technologies or sound engineering, almost everyone thinks of sound systems related to music.
Did you know that sound technologies and terrorism can be prevented, that a perfect murder can be committed with the sound of a point frequency, that you can love the person you want, that you can confess a secret, or that you can adjust to the rhythm of the world?
After graduating from Bilkent University's Department of Interior Architecture, Southen Pamir received a diploma in sound engineering from SAE College in Britain and a master's degree in sound technologies from Middlesex University.
Beyoglu also teaches sound engineers at the ITM, the Communication Technology Music Academy in Galatasaray, and teaches music technology, sound technology, performance technologies, electronic music and advanced recording techniques.
subliminal message to terrorism
The first question is, "What is sound technology fully?"
"This is a technology that can be used in many fields around the world.
Our brain perceives everything with electrical currents.
Sound frequency is also a kind of electrical flow, energy.
Using this energy, you can change people's perception, enable them to act under your command," he said.
One of the most important sub-fields of voice technology is subliminal message.
Inside the music or song is placed a message spoken on a frequency outside the boundary of human perception, which is not defined by this upper register, but goes into the lower register.
For example, when a terrorist attack is reported, a music broadcast can be made in the area, Pamir explained.
If a message such as "to carry out this attack" is inserted into the released song by changing frequency, the terrorist perception selectively notices that message.
We don't understand what he's heard, but the underbelly perceives it and a voice from within says "build" him.
He even sees it as a message from God.
However, in the world and in Turkey, the use of such messages outside of social security is strictly prohibited and punished.
Southen Pamir has prepared a subliminal message to explain the issue to students at a conference at Istanbul Technical University only once.
"I listened to music to the students during the conference.
I placed a sound frequency inside the music, shouting 'Suu'.
At the end of the presentation, I asked the students if they could stop and ask questions.
In a way, they said they were all very happy," he told SETimes.
Some are using subliminal messages illegally, Pamir said. "Some radio stations in our country have been identified as doing this, but the details are not yet known.
In Germany, there is a channel called Radio Black Noise, a frequency belonging to radical Islamists.
Subliminal methods are used to disseminate messages that are excessively aggressive, religiously contented, call for jihad, and command the use of narcotics.
Both German and Turkish police know this, but it cannot be done because they constantly change the frequency," he says.
In addition, such dangerous messages were used in the music world.
Especially in the songs of some heavy metal bands...
According to these allegations, there was not a single terrorist on the planes entering the towers, and the assault was carried out with sub-commands voiced to the pilots' subconscious.
Classic table
Audio technologies can also be used in criminal cases.
In the United States, bank robberies in particular benefit from this science.
For example, as soon as police contact the burglar, sound engineers can identify where, in what room, the person is in the bank from the phone seat.
When a sound hits a metal, wood, plastic, wall or any other material, the effect is different.
It is also possible to determine the size of the room where the voice is located according to the shape of the reflection, and even to define the shape of the room and how many corners it has.
Thus, it is possible to determine the type of items, the size and the manner in which they are in a room from the criminal's voice.
"I calculated that if 175 speakers were placed wherever the building is, the perfect sound arrangement could be achieved.
It's not a pathetic technology, it's worth $4 to 5,000," he says.
The sound frequencies are also used in architecture and decoration.
Pamir has a lot of work to do.
For example, in a restaurant where businessmen go to hold high-level tender meetings, the voices cannot go outside the meeting table.
Only those at the table can hear what is being said.
Another, two steps away, can't hear anything on the table.
The general system of such arrangements is as follows: "If you want to destroy a sound, you collide it with another sound at the same frequency, contrary to its own molecular structure, and you destroy the current sound energy and turn it into heat.
Without this system, no one would have been able to get on a plane.
Because the aircraft's engines are too loud to be assumed.
On board the plane, they collide with each other and destroy themselves.
With this system, you can create a peaceful environment in your home without noise, even if your windows are open."
Did the Egyptian pyramids be made by sound?
Pamir, one of Turkey's first sound engineers, has other interesting jobs.
In Ayvalik, for example, he organised an open-air disco where the sound of music could not be heard from the outside.
The sound cannot go beyond the drawn border, it is compared and destroyed with another sound frequency.
Even within a room, silence can be made after a certain line, if desired.
Pamir has also made a school gym suitable for both sports and concerts.
It is dual-use.
Because when basketball is played, there is a need for reflection, but there should be no reflection at concerts.
In outdoor concerts too, sound technologies are available to ensure only a sound quality where music can be heard.
"We use frequencies that eliminate the sounds perceived as noise and improve people's perception, enabling music to be perceived more clearly.
MTV is far ahead.
He organises outdoor concerts and sounds like a studio recording in the sound field," he says.
Tübitak has done such an experiment.
Separate the two aluminum sheets with sound frequencies.
Scientists have also claimed that Egyptian pyramids were made of sound.
They thought the stones could have been removed and placed by sound.
"Isn't it convenient to use it for bad purposes?" I ask.
"I was very afraid when I was reading the works of York University on the Internet, or others would read them.
Because even the words written by well-intentioned people outside laboratory conditions can lead to unbelievably bad results," he said.
"Words are influential in Arabic"
Noise pollution will also have a negative impact on people, says Southen Pamir, explaining why. "All the sounds the ear hears are transmitted to the brain.
Often one hears only the voice that is concentrated, but other voices are actually transmitted to the brain and cause fatigue.
It is necessary to empty the brain, so it is good to walk barefoot on the ground, take nature walks.
I think that regulations should be put in place to curb noise in schools.
Thus, the student can concentrate only on the teacher's voice and can provide longer-term concentration."
Due to the specificities of the sound frequencies, Pamir believes prayers will have an effect if they are read in Arabic, adding that Arabic has a very rich frequency range, and that the sounds in words are arranged in a way that leaves very positive effects when they come side by side.
"But we have to read prayers loudly, and when I read the list of Yasin, I'm stunned, stunned, stunned," he says.
Frequency and love
"Is it possible to love a person with sound frequencies?" the question comes to mind.
"You need to find the dominant frequency that the person you want to marry first uses when talking.
You can influence it by using a higher frequency of this frequency.
Let's say, for example, that the frequency of a person's raid is 300.
And when you're with him, you want to play music that will stimulate your emotions.
If you reduce the power of the one-bass players from the frequencies above 300 frequencies of your music and make the two-bass players dominant, that person's ability to be influenced will increase.
Maybe this is the way to fall in love with the person in front of you."
Pamir also says there are special sound systems in the world for politicians to be able to speak more effectively. When bass sounds come to the fore, the politician is very strong, and a performer can feel like a magnificent creature above nature.
"At the moment, in Japan, there is an attempt to make a sur-sound, which is believed to be emitted by Michael on the apocalyptic day, what do you think that would be?" Pamir said. "I think it would be a sound close to the human ear because the sound that most affects the human being is a sound close to his own ear.
It's a magnificent instrument, it's like it's produced from the human breath."
'Gold prices will rise'
Dan Hrushewsky, senior gold analyst at Canada Jennings Capital Inc., said governments are working to reduce debts by reducing the value of currencies, which is why gold prices will rise from the current level. "Gold will continue to play its role as a safe saving tool," he said.
"The demand for gold from China is rising in relation to India, and Chinese investors are playing a major role in this," Hrushewsky told AA reporters, commenting on the rise in prices as global demand, which was the most profitable investment vehicle last week, rose in the first half of the year.
Recalling that India is traditionally the largest buyer of gold, Hrushewsky said, "I believe that the government's attempts to manage current accounts by restricting gold imports are no longer seen as futile.
People will find a way in that framework," he said.
"Gold will continue to serve as a safe saving tool.
Many Western governments forget the rising levels of debt due to a "lack of discipline".
Governments are working to reduce their debts by reducing the value of currencies.
That is why gold prices will rise above their current levels," he said.
"In the long term, gold shows an improvement in its ability to reduce market risks"
World Gold Council Investment Director Marcus Grubb said the gold is a physical asset that offers simple, transparent and reliable characteristics in financial markets that are becoming increasingly complex and volatile. "In the longer term, it is not the fall of gold, but improvement in its basic advanced characteristics and ability to reduce market risks.
The small quantities of gold portfolios have shown that income stability has improved, proving that they are usually much more durable and better able to cope with market uncertainties," he said.
"Gold represents less than 1 per cent of total global investment assets.
This means that market opportunities for growth in gold investment are still very important.
This quarter saw a 78 per cent increase in ash gold and strong capital inflows to coins, an indicator that investors' interest in the underside is maintained," he said.
"India must increase its national gold stocks to support economic growth"
Answering questions about India and China, the world's largest gold market, Grubb said the fall in gold prices stimulated demand for jewellery, scrap gold and coins in the second quarter of the year, which boosted consumers' investment appetite in Asia.
The group recalled that during that period, the demand for jewelry in China increased by 54 per cent and in India by 51 per cent.
"In terms of gold demand, China was generally quiet in the second half.
After the unexpected fall in gold prices in April, there was an increase in demand, and the stocks of gold were quickly exhausted," he said.
In India, in addition to the government's restrictions on gold imports, the Central Bank of India has taken a number of measures to support the decline in the rupee and reduce foreign currency exits, Grubb said. "In the nature of gold demand, it seems difficult to implement restrictive demand practices at retail level, which is why demand can encounter illegitimate channels.
The World Gold Council believes that in line with India's policies, the gold should be seen as a strategic investment asset.
In addition, it should increase its national gold stocks to support economic growth in line with its long-term policy objectives," he said.
Global Gold Trends
According to the World Gold Council's global Gold Trends report released last week, global gold demand in the second quarter of this year amounted to 856.3 tonnes, while global gold investments in coins and ash amounted to 508 tonnes.
In the second quarter of the year, there was a significant increase in the countries' demand for jewelry, compared to the same period last year, with demand for jewelry rising by 54 per cent in China, 51 per cent in India, 38 per cent in Turkey and 33 per cent in the Middle East.
During that period, consumer demand in China continued to grow strongly, and gold purchases rose by 87 per cent compared to the same quarter last year, reaching a total of 276 tonnes this year, with prices expected to rise in the coming period.
In India, the government raised taxes to prevent an increase in gold imports in the first quarter, but consumer demand rose 71 per cent year-on-year to 310 tonnes.
A tiny Black Sea movie: The Birds of the Tepen
The director is a doctor in Trabzon...
The actors are the delightful, cheerful, smiling residents of the Village of Flowers, where the film was shot.
Sevda Free
The film, with a budget of only 400,000 TL, has no replicas, plenty of footage and a lot of food.
"We want to show everyone a real Black Sea story," the movie "The Rises of the Mountain 1980", directed by Ismet Eraydın, who fell in love with cinema, was released today.
The premiere of Akçaabat's film "The Mountain's Birds 1980", shot in the Village of Flowers, made up of all amateur actors, also generated entertaining footage like the film itself.
The premiere at the forum's AVM Cinemaximum Cinemas attracted attention from the press.
The team, who had a very crowded gala night, signed up for a magnificent night with horns, Black Sea turtles.
The gala was attended primarily by Deputy Minister of Environment and Urbanism Muhammet Balta, Trabzon Mayor Dr. Orhan Fevzi Customsoglu, City Police Director Ertan Yavas, City Culture and Tourism Director Ismail Kansız, Akçaabat Mayor Abdul Rauf Ulusoy, Akçaabat Mayor Sefik Turkmen and several guests, as well as managers of sponsor companies, national and local media representatives.
Samet Karahasanoglu, Ayse Ozturk, Koral Koc, Selahattin Çakır, Özgür Saral, Adem Eraydın and Vahide Eraydın play the leading roles in the film, written and directed by Dr Ismet Eraydın and directed by Altug Kucuk.
In 1980, the Turkish title was used for the first time in Turkey to make better sense of the Black Sea basin.
A sparkling star on the horizon!
Samet Karahasanoglu, a leading actor in the film, is still 18 years old.
You are watching everything from Samet, who lives in Trabzon, for the sake of acting.
The actor, with an amateur theatre background, successfully emerges from the comedy and drama-laden scenes in the film.
Samet Karahasanoglu, who deserved the applause to the end, said in a moving performance that he would "be one of the future's most wanted actors".
Comedy and drama alike!
The film depicts events in the Ciceklidüz Village of Trabzon, near the September 12th 1980 coup.
"The main character of the film is the father of the young Hikmet, who works in Germany.
One of Hikmet's biggest dreams is to complete his education and become a doctor.
However, both reading and working are not very common.
Things get a lot harder when the village's richest family's daughter, Züleyha, falls in love.
Hikmet, who has been hiding this love for years, decides to tell Züleyha about it with his friends' tapes, but there is a difficult obstacle, such as Sabri Aga, Züleyha's father.
Sabri Aga's daughter has other plans.
On the other hand, the 'top' where the surrounding villages gathered and played a match was one of the biggest remnants, and it fought a war against the villagers on that top," he said.
From short film to long metraja...
At the gala, the film's secretary and director, Dr Ismet Eraydın, made the following statements about Tepenin Uşakları 1980, a film they shot with a very small budget:
"When we started this film, our goal was to make short films.
But the footage of the first shots attracted so much attention on social media that we started to get excited to shoot the long shots and shot them.
When we went to the distributor in Istanbul, they said, "Do you have three players?"
I said, "We don't have a reputation, but there are 86 Black Sea actors that you can't find anywhere."
Up to now, films and series have used very bad jokes and misrepresented the Black Sea people.
In the movie you will see soon, you will see 86 original Black Sea people.
I tried to shoot a Black Sea movie.
I would have liked to have seen a ruthless comedy if others had done it before me.
If the Black Sea man had not been wrongly described, I would not have made this film.
We introduced a Turkish subtitle to Turkish films for the first time.
This will be a first.
We have done this in order to better understand the northern Black Sea.
In addition, we have translated the English-speaking scenes from the film into the northern Black Sea.
When we made this film, whoever turned the camera on turned out to be an actor.
The Rising of the Fire is our first film.
I may have mistakes, I may have shortcomings," he said.
Don't miss this tiny movie that brings a new touch to Black Sea movies!
Be careful when choosing your perfume!
Your sensitivity to indulging in your personal care is high; be careful even if you exaggerate and wrap your hands in perfume bottles.
Your perfume can cause skin diseases.
We talked to Hisar Intercontinental Hospital Dermatology Specialist Dr. Funda Ataman about Civatte Poikiloderma, which is more common in women and is caused by various cosmetics, especially perfumes.
Uzm says that the upper side of the Civatte Poikiloderma, the neck and the chest neck (the under-chest area surrounded by the chest is impermeable) have skin discoloration defects. "Most people with light skin are found to be exposed to the sun.
It is seen as red lizards.
The skin is incinerated, it is marbled and its roots are visible.
Pulse dye laser treatment and sun protection are among the treatment options.
Another is the use of creams containing retinoic acid.
These creams should be used for a long time.
Anger during use is not a side effect or an allergic reaction to the institution.
In this case, treatment should be continued intermittently.
Because it can be family-related, parents with Civatte Poikiloderma should be made aware of the protection and treatment at an early age," he said.
Smoking consumption falls sharply
The amount of cigarettes consumed in Turkey in the first six months of this year fell by 10 per cent from the same period last year, to 41 billion 779 million.
The amount of cigarettes smoked in Turkey in the first six months of this year fell by 10 per cent from the same period last year, to 41 billion 779 million 190,560.
According to the Tobacco and Alcohol Market Regulatory Authority (TAPDK), the Global Task Force on Tobacco (KYTA), conducted by Turkey's Statistical Office, has been completed in order to obtain information on the use of tobacco products by adults in Turkey and provide a source of data for decision makers and researchers.
According to the research results, 31.2 per cent (16 million people) of individuals aged 15 and over in Turkey used tobacco products daily or occasionally in 2008, down from 27.1 per cent (14.8 million people) in 2012, and the use rate of tobacco products decreased by 13.4 per cent.
41.5 per cent of men and 13.1 per cent of women use tobacco
The proportion of men who used tobacco products fell from 47.9 per cent to 41.5 per cent, while women fell from 15.2 per cent to 13.1 per cent.
According to the study, 6 out of 10 people who use tobacco products are considering quitting.
The percentage of people considering quitting tobacco products within a month was 12.9 per cent, while the percentage of people planning to quit within 12 months was 35.4 per cent.
The evaluation section of the study gave the following opinions:
"The clear result in terms of consumption of tobacco products indicates that tobacco control laws and the National Tobacco Control Programme and Action Plan have been effectively implemented in Turkey.
As a result, the number of tobacco consumers decreased by 2,200,000 from 2008 to 2012 and the frequency of consumption decreased by 4.1 per cent.The most significant reduction in smoking occurred in those vulnerable to price increases, such as young people and under-educated people.
According to the World Health Organisation's 2013 Global Tobacco Epidemic Report, Turkey was the first and only country to achieve high levels of success in tobacco control, providing all the criteria.
The report asked other countries to follow Turkey and set an example."
The ban on smoking in closed areas continues to have an impact.
The amount of cigarettes consumed during the first six months of this year fell by 10 per cent from the same period last year, to 41 billion 779m 190,560.
That amounted to 46 billion 325m 44,100 units during the same period in 2012.
The walls will now have a touch screen!
Ubi Interactive has launched a very interesting product using Microsoft's 'Kinect' technology.
Microsoft included 11 new companies in the Kinect Accelerator programme last year to support projects that will use Kinect on Windows.
The software giant provided them with money, space and equipment.
One of the most interesting software demos that has emerged thanks to Kinect Accelerator was shown by Ubi Interactive.
The demo brings together an ordinary projector, Kinect for Windows, and the projection on the wall turns into a giant touchscreen.
According to a new post on the Kinect for Windows website, there are a few companies that are testing the technology.
The software, tested by more than 50 institutions during a special beta process, is now available for sale by Ubi to everyone.
The prices are available on Ubi's website.
For a 45 inch touchscreen, you have to deduct $149.
A 100-inch touchscreen that can sense touch from 20 points will cost you $1.499.
The Ubi software and Kinect for Windows are included in the prices, but you must purchase the projector separately.
Another innovation for Android!
With this patent, Google will make it even easier to 'copy-and-transfer'.
Google, which is openly number one among mobile operating systems with Android, has obtained the patent for a new search technology that will be useful to those who often share files with their friends.
The functionality that enables content sharing via wireless technologies such as NFC and Bluetooth is actually no different from the Android Beam and Apple Airdrop examples.
The latest innovation, which bears the Google signature, is that this function allows users to spread to surrounding user groups instead of one-time sharing, and offers users the ease of drag-and-drop.
It is certain that the new feature will be featured on future Android releases...
That's Turkey's first domestic smart phone
Turkcell is also in the smart phone business.
The factory for smart phones, which will be produced jointly with China, will be in Turkey.
Name also T40
Turkcell introduced Turkey's first domestic smart phone.
Designed in Turkey, TCELL will launch the smart phone T40, which will be produced in Turkey along with China, at the end of September.
Turkcell General Manager Sureyya Ciliv said they plan to sell the smart phone T40, developed in co-operation with US chip manufacturer Qualcomm and promoted as the Gebze project in February, in nine countries where Turkcell operates.
Ciliv, who presented the T40 at its launch, said he also had talks with Turkish producers, saying that "some of the T40 will be produced in China; production will begin in Turkey by the end of the year in 2013."
ONE FIELD IS OVER
Ciliv said he would place the phone on the market at an appropriate price, and announced that he would announce the final price soon after the sale.
Ciliv said the T40 and the device are aimed at increasing data usage and increasing revenues by offering smart phones to the market at an affordable price, rather than benefiting from the sale of the device.
Ciliv said that 1 million T-series phones offered by Turkcell for sale since 2010 have been sold, raising the foreign trade deficit by 500m lira.
FUJIWARA'S POWER CHANGE IS OVER, OLACAK SAYS
Turkcell General Manager Sureyya Ciliv said the T40 will have features such as noise prevention, high-resolution sound, surround sound and an adjustable user search.
Ciliv said the price of the T40 will be announced before the phone enters the market, and the price of the phone will be appropriate.
5 MILLION DOLLARS GET DISTRIBUTED EVERY TIME
Speaking at the meeting, Information Technologies and Communications Corporation (ITC) President Tayfun Acarer said they support local production. "57% of the phones coming to Turkey are smart phones.
Due to this increase, the average price of the phones sold came to $300.
We import $5 billion of phones from 15 million each year, and I am worried that this will increase," he said.
The T40 will run on the Android operating system platform, with Qualcomm's dual-core processor and 1 GB of RAM.
The imams were all hearty!
Students enrolled in normal secondary school renew as imam hatip secondary school student
Following the 4+4+4 arrangement in education, the MEB transformed all primary schools in Turkey last year into primary, secondary and imam hatip secondary schools.
After a one-year period of training, the ministry, which has turned several schools into imams in the wake of the re-established "precaution", has revealed that it has signed a new scandal during the transformation process.
Turkey's "return" scandal, which could concern current students of all schools converted into imam hatip secondary school this year, was brought to light during the process of transformation and registration renewal at the Seker secondary school in Meram, Konya.
1 year normal secondary school
The Seker Primary School became a secondary school at the beginning of last year, following a 4+4+4 arrangement.
The school was co-educated with elementary schools 3rd and 4th grades, which will gradually move to another school, as required by the system, and secondary schools 6th, 7th and 8th grades.
The school, which serves as a normal secondary school for 1 year, was transformed into an imam hatip secondary school with the end of the 2012-2013 academic year.
For the first time this year, the school has accepted 5th-grade students as " Imam hatip students".
However, the registrations of students in the 5th grade normal secondary school last year, who will enter the 6th grade this year, have been automatically renewed in electronic form as primary school students.
"To another school I can't go to"
Parents who learned about the situation came to school and complained.
"Fathers who do not want their children to continue in the religious faith can defraud another secondary school of their registration," the school administration told parents, following instructions from the city's national education directorate.
Interesting statements were made by the Konya Provincial National Education Directorate.
"Taking into account the number of pupils and schools and their preferences, with the formation of the Konya Governorate, we have restructured some schools, including 15-20 schools in Konya that have been converted into imam hatipe.
Schools enter the ministry's e-school system with school codes.
However, since the school became an imam, the old school's code is being erased from the system.
The new school code must be opened, allowing students to register for the system.
Those schools also transferred students to the imam hatip secondary school, using the new institutional code, so that both the pupils and teachers of the changed school would not be victims.
If parents wish, they can take their children from these schools and transfer them to other schools," he said.
Luxury yacht operation in Istanbul!
Seizure of 8 160m lira yachts
The operation, carried out by customs officers in Istanbul, seized eight boats sold from a foreign country to another, which must not enter Turkey's customs zone.
The operation, conducted by the Istanbul Customs and Trade Region Directorate and the Istanbul Maritime Customs Control Trafficking and Intelligence Directorate, found that a Turkish citizen based in Turkey, Ö.E.A., purchased eight yachts from France and handed them over from the Haydarpaşa Customs on behalf of a caravan company through a "leasing of flags", according to a written statement by the Customs and Trade Ministry.
After an inspection by customs guards, it was found that the ÖEA brought the yachts in order to sell them in Turkey.
Items such as service boats, radar systems, generators and other items that were sold from a foreign country to another and must not enter Turkey's customs zone were seized.
The seized motor yachts are estimated to have a total customs value of 160m lira.
The subway hit the tracks!
While crossing the street in Zincirlikuyu...
The subway from Söğütlüçeşme to Avcılar collided with Yavuzcan Dulgun, who wanted to cross the road immediately at the Zincirlikuyu stop at 00.30.
He was stabbed to the ground as a result of the hit.
Injured Yavuzcan Dulgun was transported by ambulance to the Faculty of Medicine of Bezmialem Vakif University.
Dulgun, who was treated at the hospital, was found to be in no life-threatening condition.
Meanwhile, citizens claimed the ambulance arrived late at the scene.
Police have launched an investigation into the accident.
Prosecutor calls ministry "consultative"
Family Ministry request rejected
TRAVEL DEVELOPMENT / WORLD TRAVEL
In the trial of Abbas Sahin, who murdered his wife, 24-year-old Pinar Sahin, who opened the expulsion case, the prosecutor rejected the request of the Family Ministry, which had requested to intervene in the case, saying it was not a case of violence.
Abbas Sahin, who was arrested at the first trial at Bakirköy's 5th Serious Criminal Court, was joined by Ayse Ikiz, the mother of the murdered Pinar Sahin, and his accomplice, Hediye Ikiz.
Indictee Abbas Sahin submitted a four-page defence to the court.
"My husband asked me for help to make a new start.
When we met, he asked me to keep the house, but not to know where it is.
I lost my control and took out my weapon that I had with me.
In the meantime, my wife was caught in the line.
When the car turned around, the gun exploded.
My wife fell on top of the team.
Then I took it to the police station.
I'm busy," he said.
If we accept, we'll be involved in every case
"When my daughter married, she was 14 years old.
During his marriage, he repeatedly abused my daughter," said Abla Hediye Ikiz, who said he had kidnapped his brother twice.
Following the mother's and her son's complaint, a lawyer from the Ministry of Women's and Social Policies requested to appear in the case.
"Although Article 20 of the 6284 law states that the ministry is entitled to participate in all types of criminal, legal and arbitrary trials and trials involving violence or the danger of violence against women, children and family members as long as it considers it necessary, this is not a case of violence, but a murder case. However, according to Article 10 of the constitution, this is contrary to the requirement of equality and gender discrimination. On the contrary, if the opinion is accepted, the Ministry of Family and Social Policies will be able to participate in all cases in which the victim is a woman," court prosecutor Tarik Dursun Bendez said.
The court complied with the prosecutor's request.
So far, it has been accepted
- The Ministry of Family and Social Policies has requested assistance in the case following the death of Melek Karaaslan, who was repeatedly abused and killed by his wife and family in Agri.
The court rightly accepted the ministry's request.
- The Ministry of Family and Social Policies has also been involved in the case of teacher Esin Gunes, whose mother allegedly fled the country.
- In Izmir, in October last year, Family and Social Policy Minister Fatma Sahin, along with Lawyer Birsel Kurt, sought to participate in the trial of S.C. and 6 relatives, who were indicted for allegedly stabbing and killing his wife on the verge of divorce, for demanding an increased life sentence.
The court accepted the request.
He is also a co-author in the case of Kerem Cakan, 32, who was arrested for driving through Van after stabbing 17-year-old Eylem Pesen, a 6-month-old pregnant woman who was unmarried, and killing her in a car.